Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
As more summer conventions have come and gone, more details about our favorite games have come to light, more rumors confirm, more plot points teased, and more availability of our favorite classics.
The theme of this week is more, and we'll tell you about all this and more on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio Live on this July the 27th, 2014 with the 561st episode of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, here to talk with you about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle over the next few hours with my co-host, unfortunately not here tonight, DarkSakura.
DarkSakura is a little bit sick and she's trying to rest up tonight, so she can be all better to go back to work tomorrow.
But I do have here in studio, TechMasterLoki.
Hello.
Hey Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
Yeah, you know what's weird is that I'm feeling a little bit sniffly too. I don't think it's anything like contagious, I wouldn't worry, but it's just, yeah this is weird. Something in the air.
It's like a summer sinus infection or something, I don't know, I hope not, I shouldn't curse myself like that, but bleh.
Just the dry air.
Yeah, you're the one with kids, you're the one that's supposed to always be sick.
And I am sometimes.
Maybe I'm just getting delayed con play.
I get like random fevers every now and then. Like earlier this week I'm like, why am I dizzy?
Wait, I have a fever, why do I have a fever? I'm not even sick, that's weird.
Well I was really surprised that I didn't come back from GamerX2 sick, because like every convention you come back sick, that's to be expected, but unless I've been fighting this off for like two weeks, this is a while ago now.
Which by the way, I want to give a cheap plug to The Voice of Geeks Network, where we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
vognetwork.com, that's vognetwork.com, and over at vognetwork.com, not only are there lots of other great shows that you can hear about all different things geek, all over the spectrum, movies, gaming, anime, you know, what have you.
We also occasionally have some other things posted as well. We have a great TV reviews section of the website that's done by John and his posse over at Critical Myth.
But we also, we started to dip our toe into the water of video coverage, thanks to our pal Eddie from Starboard Power Coupling, which is another show on the network all about Star Trek.
They actually call it Starboard Power Coupling, the Star Trek podcast you hope doesn't fail. And that's a joke if you've ever watched Star Trek, I'll let that one simmer for the ultra nerds in the room.
But Eddie over there, very talented video guy, and he offered to come to GamerX and shoot some things and, you know, even he was like, Rob, you should get up and do some interviews.
And I was like, no, no, no, I feel fat. I don't want to be on camera and all that stuff. But he, you know, he really encouraged me and he put together some really great little YouTubes that we have up at vognetwork.com that you can check out.
And it's, if you are having trouble finding it, I don't know how, because it's the first image that comes up, you see that infamous cosplay of the two gals from GamerX who did the too hard to render cardboard boxes where they're all in black, right?
With all the Assassin's Creed propaganda. Just click on that and it's going to take you to all the videos, which early in the week, we just had like a little five minute montage, but now there's a bunch of interviews that I did with various cosplayers, some other podcasters, like our pal from Gameboi.org.
Captain's, excuse me. I told you I was sick. Oh, horrible radio. Radio guy's worst enemy. Sorry. Captain's pipe from Gameboi.org and Jonko from Koopa Club amongst some cosplayers.
So you can check that all out again at vognetwork.com. So yeah, I'm hoping we get to do more video coverage later, but big, big props and thanks to Eddie again for that.
Let's talk a little bit about video games. So before we get into how was your gaming week, the types of video games that we've been playing this week, let's talk a little bit about Comic-Con, because Comic-Con's on everybody's minds right now.
And obviously there's a lot of general geek stuff. We don't get into a lot of the, well, who am I kidding? We go on tangents all the time on non-geek stuff. So let's do another one real quick. What are some of the really cool things you've seen come out of Comic-Con so far?
Well, the last cool thing I saw that come out of Comic-Con was the trailer for Mad Max, which is pretty sweet.
I like the Batman and Superman thing.
Yeah, I'm not so... I know they had that leaked shot showing, I guess, some armored Batman thing. I don't know yet. I haven't seen Ben Affleck.
Well, it's from one of the comics. There's a leaked thing out there.
Yeah, I saw that, but I kind of want to see the trailer. I'd be curious to see.
You know what everybody hated the idea of?
I don't hate the idea of...
This is really bad, Loki. Keep talking. I gotta get water. Live radio, everybody.
No, I don't hate the idea of Ben Affleck being, you know, Bruce Wayne or Batman. It's just I haven't seen how it looks yet.
So I don't know what kind of Batman to expect. I mean, because there's been a whole gamut of Batmans in movies, you know, from campy to, you know, gritty, I guess.
And so I don't know where he falls into the spectrum of that. And I think even coming off of, you know, the last three movies where you have just like, you know, the really dark Batman.
I mean, anything different than that's kind of like, what? Because, I mean, when they're doing the Joel Schumacher films and even like the Burton stuff, it's very different, I guess.
I like the Christian Bale Batman. I did, despite the whole, you know, crime dog McGruff. Or what was that guy? Only you can prevent crime. Take a bite out of crime.
Always kind of Batman in the new movies. So despite all of that, he was one of my more favorite Batman materials.
I'm hoping Ben Affleck is a little more like that or Michael Keaton because nobody liked the idea of Michael Keaton doing Batman either and he was great.
I think, honestly, probably the best one they had. And a little less George Clooney.
But George Clooney, that was more the fault of the movie than necessarily George Clooney.
But speaking of Batman, one of my very favorite things to come out of Comic-Con, the announcement of the 60s series on Blu-ray.
And they actually had the old stars out parading to promote it, which was awesome.
That's pretty sweet. I mean, he's so old though now. Like I saw, they showed a shot of Adam West. I'm like, oh my God, he is so old now.
He's 83, I believe I read.
But I would have loved to see a superhero show where it's just like, they took the villains and the superheroes from the 60s show and just threw them into modern day.
They have almost like Austin Powers. They have no concept of the future and reality and stuff.
And their schemes are just really lo-fi and just kind of cheesy and stupid.
You know what? Julie Newmar was there too. You know, the OG Catwoman. I mean, obviously there was a few others too. Lee Meriwether, Eartha Kitt.
But Julie Newmar was there. And you know, I know this is going to sound really weird to you guys, but just hear me out for a minute.
She looks great for like 82 or however old she is. She's like really gorgeous for 82. I mean, obviously she's old.
But she's still like rocking those dresses with a plunging neckline and all that stuff.
I mean like, you know, you go. You go.
And nowadays the neckline really has to plunge.
Ha! You ass.
Um, let's see. What other things did I see out of there? I mean, I don't know.
I had the intention of watching like the Marvel livestream and stuff and then they just, it started and it was so boring.
Like they were just talking about like their toy line and product and I just didn't fucking care.
I just wanted to see like panels and like movie stuff and I don't know, stuff that's interesting. But it just was really boring.
The one thing everybody's talking about is the whole Wonder Woman redesign quickly. What did you think about that?
I don't know. I didn't really look that closely.
I didn't think it was bad at all. Like I was not expecting the whole red and blue jumpsuit 70s Linda Carter look.
Like I knew that they were not going to go with that type of look so that they were going to kind of make it a little more edgy.
So I don't hate it. But the fact that it's all brown and the way it looks, she really does look like Xena Warrior Princess.
You know what I mean? Like all she's missing, if she had the little chakra instead of the sword, like she would look like Xena Warrior Princess.
Yeah, I mean, it's not bad. Now I love Xena, so it's not bad. But I was surprised they didn't try to incorporate a little bit of red and blue into it. But I guess, all right, whatever.
You know, what I thought was kind of neat was the, well, actually no, I don't think it's neat now that I think of it.
I don't know. I guess they're trying, I don't know if they're trying to refresh everything or if they're just trying to like, I don't know.
What's up with, you know, making, you know, not making Thor a woman, but like changing the character to a woman.
Not as, I guess it's not changing, but a new person is taking over, you know, as Thor a woman.
And then they also have, you know, the new Captain America and stuff. It's almost like, now I don't have a problem with them changing up characters like that.
It's just, it's, to me, it feels like they're doing it to like, we need to be more diverse. We need to be more diverse.
You know, it's like they're playing the diversity card versus like, it makes sense in the story.
And it very well makes sense in the story since I don't, I don't read it, so I don't know.
But it just seems like, you know, oh, we're playing diversity card here.
To be fair, they do need to be more diverse, to be fair. I mean, it does, when they do it all at once, when it's like a once and everything goes,
I can kind of see where it gives that impression where it's like, all right, but I mean, they kind of, the comic book world kind of needs this.
So I'm okay with it. It's not, it's not abnormal for multiple characters.
Yeah, I'm not saying I'm not okay with it. It just seems kind of obvious, you know what I mean?
It's not like, oh, you know, this makes sense. Like, oh, we could see, we could have seen this coming, you know?
It's just kind of like, strange. I don't know.
I'm very curious to see how all those changes affect the movie and game universe, although I kind of think they won't right away.
Maybe the game universe a little sooner than the movies. I don't think the movies are going to change any casting.
I saw that someone had mentioned, was it in the trailer for the new Lego Batman game?
They had, was it Superman and Wonder Woman were dating in there, and they also had their new, the new 52 outfits on.
So that's kind of cool that they're already adapting that kind of stuff into the game world already.
Yeah. And there's always different comics going on too. I think that's one thing that, you know, I don't, I don't profess to know a lot about comics.
Unfortunately, Jamie isn't here. She's probably the heaviest reader of comics out of all of us.
But my understanding is there's, there's all these different storylines across all these different comics.
Like there isn't just like one Batman comic. There's a lot of different comics that have Batman in them and all these different stories,
new, old, and so forth, that go on kind of all at the same time.
So, you know, usually these big, like, like the whole Archie getting killed thing, right?
You heard about this? Archie's going to get killed off.
Yeah, I saw that.
But that's, that's not like, like, nope. It's not like a high school shooter has taken him out or anything.
It's this new Archie, this, this different storyline they have, the new Archie, where I think like in one, it's like this bi-universe thing.
But he did get shot.
In the, in the new Archie, yes. But there's still other comics for Archie, Archie that exist where I think he's going to get killed.
I think, come on, Archie fought zombies at one point, so come on, it's not like it's, it's, we can't take it that seriously.
I mean, and obviously, and here's the other thing too, it's a comic book. Doesn't mean he's going to stay dead.
I mean, fuck, they've killed Superman off one time, probably multiple times.
I, one time at least I have the issue for, but, but he came back. I mean, it's, whatever, it's for publicity.
Because, seriously, who gives a fuck about Archie comics right now? Most people probably don't.
Me, I love Josie and the Pussycats, that's my favorite.
Okay, but seriously, you know, one, but now, you know, this makes headlines, oh fuck, I got, I used to love Archie, you know, when I was a kid.
Many, many, many, many years ago. I'm going to read this now, and then he comes back.
I mean, so, Archie's also been usually pretty progressive as far as comic books go.
Like, he was one of the first that incorporated a gay character into this main storyline, so, you know, for that I appreciate it.
Anyway, alright, so people are going to be like, I thought this was a video game show. Look, we do tangents all the time.
Let's talk about video games at Comic Con, because it does seem like they're becoming more and more and more prevalent.
Like, I really, like, usually when Comic Con season comes around, I have friends that go and I'm kind of like, oh yeah, that looks like a lot of fun.
I think I'd like to go someday, but I don't really feel like I'm missing anything.
Like, I can kind of read about it on the internet or whatever, but, like, this year I'm starting to feel like, I really feel like I'm missing things.
Because a lot of, sorry guys, I have, like, hiccups and all this going on at the same time, I'm very sorry.
I feel like I'm missing things. Like, Nintendo's done all this, like, streaming, and they've done some announcements at the Comic Con.
There's been other game companies, you know, showing their games there.
Smash Bros. characters announced, because I didn't pay attention.
I don't think there were new characters announced, but they were definitely showing, like, more of, like, the game interface and more of the game itself.
I think they announced stages.
I think they're talking more like the 3DS version this time around.
Well, yeah, because that's out sooner rather than later.
Yeah, true.
So, why do you think Comic Con is getting more and more game content?
Well, I think it's more of, it's spun off into more of just, like, entertainment and almost, like, consumerism.
Just because, you know, it all ties in very well together.
You have comic books, you have toys, and, you know, the licensed properties.
So, you have toys, TV, just to say, it all kind of melds together, you know.
Pretty much anything that you're going to be buying stuff from.
Of course, you're going to want to see, you know, this video game, you know, that might tie in with this.
Now, why Nintendo is necessarily a Comic Con that I don't understand entirely, but whatever, they're there. Cool.
But, like, you know, definitely I understand, you know, the tie-ins with, like, you know, Disney Infinity.
You know, they're showing off the Marvel stuff there.
They announced their collector's edition, the release date of the 23rd.
I don't know where we heard that before.
And just, like, a bunch of other things like that.
So, it's... I understand that stuff, just because, you know, they were showing off, like, toys and all sorts of, you know, stuff like that.
I will say the other thing that I really dig that's coming out of Comic Con is superhero-related sales.
Because PlayStation Network, having a big sale right now.
I don't know if Microsoft is, but I know on PlayStation Network, I just picked up before the show tonight for $18.
$18. I got the Injustice Ultimate Edition and Lego Marvel Super Heroes for $18 on PlayStation 4.
Like, Injustice Ultimate Edition is, like, $8 for PlayStation Plus subscribers and Marvel Ultimate Heroes or whatever Lego is $10.50 or something like that.
So, I was like, yeah, sales. I'm liking how Sony's trying to kind of do their own sort of Steam sales as of late.
They've done had some really deep discounts on the service.
Yeah, that's cool.
I'm looking at our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com because, again, we do tape live on Sunday nights right after Bobby Black Wolf at the vognetwork.com.
Wyland says, I took advantage of that sale.
And Tech 2030 says, I got Injustice on Vita for $4.20.
$4.20.
Wyland says, Injustice for $8 is a steal. I know, I can't wait.
I actually, I haven't played it at all, so I'm really excited about it, actually.
Plus, you get all the, uh...
And your stream is not skipping. I still have hiccups, which is the worst enemy of somebody trying to do live radio, so I apologize.
And you have all the extra characters in there, too.
Yeah, exactly. Scorpion and all that stuff, right? That'll be fun.
Alright, I guess that's gonna do it for our Comic-Con talk for now. I'd like to still go into future.
We'll cover some of the news that came out of the expo a little later on in the show.
Let's get into how was your gaming week and the types of video games that you've been playing this week. Loki.
Alright, I only played a couple things. I played, you know, the Destiny beta, at least very, very minimally.
I literally played just the first level and that's it.
It was after I got done playing our weekly Call of Duty match and stuff.
I was like, you know what? I have, you know, I know the beta's going on right now.
I'm gonna, you know, jump in and see, you know, what I can play before I have to go to bed here.
And so, I played through the first, like, you know, set of missions or whatever before you get to, kind of like, little hub world type thing.
And it was cool. I don't know, I like it. You know, I'd probably have to adjust some of the settings, you know, as far as, you know, movement speed and stuff.
But it seemed to be, you know, kind of fun and I enjoyed it.
Even Ghost didn't seem that, you know, annoying as far as, you know, the voice work and stuff. It seemed fine to me.
So, and I have, you know, because I only played it on PlayStation 3, I thought it looked good on PlayStation 3 even.
So, I don't know. It was pretty cool. Would I pick it up when it comes out? Maybe. I don't know.
It's definitely a game I'd look at for the, you know, next, you know, for the holiday. But I don't know.
We'll see. I mean, I don't want to dedicate myself to, like, an MMO because it's just, it's a time save.
Oh, now, Loki, we just got into this on Bobby's show. It's not an MMO, though, because you're not, it's not persistently...
It's online and they keep adding new missions to it. That's pretty much like an MMO, okay?
It has MMO elements, we'll say that.
Whatever. And then I played one stage of Mario Kart 8 because I was actually passing by a kiosk at GameStop and I wanted my son to try it, but he was chickening out, so I got to play a track in it.
I don't even remember which track it was. It was, like, some beachside town thing. And so I played that and it was pretty cool.
You know, I dig it. It looks very nice. And actually, since I haven't really played anything on the Wii U, the controller, I wasn't too, I thought it was pretty comfortable.
It wasn't, like, I thought at first, you know, the analog sticks above the buttons, that's gonna be really strange, but it wasn't actually that bad.
So, I don't know, maybe I'll, I'm still looking at picking up a Wii U maybe at some point in 2015.
But, I don't know, if I end up getting one earlier, you know, Mario Kart will definitely be something I'll purchase with it. So we'll see.
We still don't know what kind of sweet holiday deals they might do. You know, not even necessarily a price drop, but maybe, like, game inclusion and things like that.
Yeah, I'm sure they'll have, like, a bundle. Probably, like, Smash Brothers or something.
That seems like a given. Maybe a special color or something for Smash Brothers. Like, a red Wii U or something.
I don't know, yeah. And then I played Call of Duty Mario World for two. A little bit. So, I did that.
There's a question from Tech 2030 in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com who asks, can Destiny be played offline single player?
No. I don't think so, no. I think because I noticed it tries to connect to the server when you're playing. I was having problems playing earlier today and it actually kicked me out.
But they warned everybody. They said, we're doing some tests today and you might get a lot of disconnects. It's a beta, deal with it type of thing.
And sure enough, I got disconnected and I could see that it kept trying to connect. I couldn't do anything when I wasn't online.
I'm pretty sure it's online only.
Yeah. So, I don't know. There might be some people that feel very strongly anti-Destiny because of that. And that's understandable.
But they have worked a lot of multiplayer elements into it.
It would be cool if they treated it kind of like Fable or something like that where you could play offline by yourself.
But if you want to join other players and you have to be online connected or something like that, I don't know.
But, yeah. I think it is online only.
That's it. That's all I played this week.
Hopefully, I will be playing more stuff this week because we've got our company game summit thing and we have publishers coming out and I get to play stuff.
That'll be fun.
Maybe. I don't know. Each year they bring less and less.
Probably, I'm guessing, because Tecmo Koei always brings something, so I'm guessing I'll play Samurai Warriors 3 Ultimate.
I'm guessing they'll bring out. I think that's really the only upcoming game they have in Samurai Warriors 4.
Alright. Well, that's cool because not a lot of people get to get those sneak peeks. So, I'll be curious to hear your thoughts on that.
My gaming week, real quick. Sorry, you'll have to deal with my hiccups a little bit.
I'm trying to drink water really fast while Loki's talking and, unfortunately, without Jamie here, it's only the two of us.
So, I have to deal.
But, I've been playing the Destiny online beta like a Loki did for a little bit, but I played a lot more.
In fact, I actually hit the max level you can in the beta, level 8.
So, that was pretty cool.
I also was able to play on Saturday when they were doing the stress test at 2 o'clock.
And, the way they guaranteed that they get as many people online as possible was that they opened up a new single player level for only two hours.
And, they also opened up the beta to everybody.
Oh yeah, just before. Yeah, they did.
So, they did open up the beta to everybody and they opened up the extra level, so they had the moon level.
So, sadly, I thought that might mean they upped the level cap as well, but they didn't, unfortunately.
So, I was only able to play that one level on the moon, but that was still really...
Did they have the music?
From DuckTales? No, I wish. I would have made it even more.
I kind of want to take my PlayStation 4 footage, because you know what records, and put the DuckTales theme behind it.
I think it would have made it even more epic.
But, the music in Destiny is great. It's really, you know, it's very high intensity in some places.
And, you know, kind of more ambient when it needs to be. It's very well done.
Which makes the staffing changes at Bungie even more interesting considering how good the music is.
Didn't really touch a lot of PvP after last weekend, because I just didn't like it.
But, I liked the PvE stuff a lot and had a good time.
I was playing with friends on Saturday on the moon.
And, the nice thing about that stage is it's one of the first ones I can remember where you can take someone else's vehicle,
and the vehicles actually fire, like some of the vehicles in Halo did, so you can actually attack enemies using the vehicle.
So, that was kind of fun to drive around and shoot things with those lasers.
Yeah, and then you go to this temple on the moon and you go inside, and that was basically it.
Because they only had the one story mission, you could not go anything past the one.
So, but that was still neat to be able to see that and experience the beta.
And, you know, I talked about it at length last week, so I don't have a whole lot else to add.
Except that I am convinced now I will buy the game when it comes out, for sure.
I will pre-order it very soon here, probably from, I don't usually believe in pre-ordering games,
but I'll probably just get it on Amazon or something where, you know, I usually buy my games and it'll just show up here on release day.
Because I don't usually, I'm too old to start, to do the midnight releases and all that stuff.
I really don't get any value out of that for me, so.
Yeah, Destiny. Otherwise, I've been playing some older games.
Well, Final Fantasy XIV, that's a given.
Although, I quit my raid group this weekend, so I'll probably be playing a lot less XIV.
Nothing dramatic, I just, I don't know, the fight, like we were really banging our head against
the Ramu extreme, you know, over and over and over again.
It just, it wasn't, I wasn't having a lot of fun. Like, I like the guys that I was playing with,
and sometimes girls too, that I was playing with.
Are you still doing XI?
What? Um, I didn't stop doing XI, my account's still active, I haven't been playing it actively,
but I've been trying to log in a couple times a week to get my little login points,
but I probably will play XI a little bit.
But now the pressure is really off of me and XIV to really, like, gear up my character
and be the best that I can be and all that.
And so I can really just enjoy the game at a leisurely pace, which is how I kind of want to do it,
because I really am falling behind in other games because I keep playing too many MMOs,
which, I love MMOs, I'm not going to apologize for the fact that I play a lot of them in my spare time
because that's what I choose to do, but there are a lot of single-player games on Final Fantasy XIV.
I know, you haven't played any Grand Theft Auto V.
I haven't, well now I'm, now I can legitimately say I'm waiting for that PlayStation 4 release,
because why not at this point, right?
I'm waiting for that PlayStation 4 release.
Tech 2030 in chat asks, wait, is XI free to play? No it is not.
God, if it was, I would be playing it, well not now, but I would have been playing it earlier today.
You can catch the whole thing, like the whole collection on Steam.
Like five bucks, man.
Or Amazon download games, pretty cheap when there is a sale going on.
So I recommend, keep an eye out for that because you get a free month with that if you're at all interested in XI.
But remember, XI is a very different game. XI is more EverQuest, XIV is more WoW.
There's a big, big difference between the way those games are set up, just be prepared for it.
Why won't these hiccups stop? What did I do to deserve this?
Now I'm going to get all these comments in chat.
Just try holding your breath, just try being upside down.
I can't, I'm trying to do a radio show.
Anyway, older games I've been checking out this week.
I played Dead Island, very random, right?
But Steam was doing a Dead Island weekend where it's like free to play.
I already own the game because I think there was like a deep silver bundle thing, humble bundle.
Yeah, there was. I probably have that actually then.
I picked that up, but here was my bright idea.
I said, if that's the game they're doing a free weekend on on Steam and it's a deep discount and all this stuff,
then there's going to be a lot of people trying to get the trading cards.
So I'm going to activate all my trading cards by playing the game.
And then I'll get some booster packs, which that strategy worked horrifically.
I have not gotten any booster packs from Steam, so that's the last time I tried that big idea.
But I did get a chance to kind of go back and revisit Dead Island.
Honestly guys, I know I talked about the sequel a lot on OLR and I was not really a big fan.
But this was the first time I played the Dead Island, the original, on PC as opposed to a console.
And I do like controlling it a lot better in the whole keyboard and mouse environment and some of the controls,
so I did enjoy that a lot more.
But Dead Island just kind of isn't a game that really does it for me.
I mean, there's a lot of ideas and things I like about it.
I like that it's open world. I like that it's kind of like the RPGs stuff.
But for me it gets really repetitive really fast, which sounds horrible to say because I know they have a variety of weapons.
I know they have all these different ways you can combine weapons.
I don't even think that's bad to say, because look at Dead Rising.
I get bored with that game too, and that game looked fantastic.
I even went out with, oh, I'm going to pick up the one that's basically off the record or whatever,
and it's got a sandbox mode, you can just do whatever you want, you don't have to worry about anything.
And it was so boring. I'm like, how is this game so boring?
I love the first, when I played the demo, I loved the demo so much.
And it's just so boring.
I felt very similar about it. You know what I think it is, Loki?
I don't know how many people I speak for with this, but I think we're just kind of over zombie games.
I'm over it. Zombie games, just the zombie fascination in general, I'm over it.
But then again, the new Dead Island game, actually when I was seeing the little preview at E3,
I was like, oh, that does look really pretty and it looks fun, but I worry it's going to suffer from the same thing.
Just because it's prettier doesn't mean it's going to suddenly hold my interest.
So we'll see. I'll still approach it with an open mind whenever it comes out.
There was that, and I also, much thanks to my partner Alan and my roommate Shane, their coercion,
I've gone back and tried a BioWare classic, Dragon Age, which I'd played a little bit before on PC,
but my old PC really couldn't handle the damn game.
You might remember I got my PC upgraded not that long ago, so I'm trying it again.
And it's a lot, what's weird, I tried it on my PC and I tried it on PlayStation 3, and I kind of see the perks to both.
I kind of enjoy lying on the couch in a cooler room like the living room is with the controller in my hand playing it.
I like that, but there's also a lot of graphical hiccups and frame skips that I see in the PlayStation 3 version.
So now I have to kind of decide which one do I want to play further. Do I want to play PC or PlayStation 3?
I think I'm going to go with PlayStation 3 just because it's a more comfortable environment for a game that supposedly I'm going to sink hundreds of hours on, but we'll see.
I do like the way the PC one looks, though.
I kind of been thinking about going back to Skyrim.
Have you?
I'm going to get stuck in there, because once you play Skyrim, you don't just play for a little bit, you play for several hundred hours.
I'm surprised they never did one more last hurrah DLC for Skyrim, but I guess...
They don't need to, man, on PC there's so much stuff that you can get for free.
Anyhow, 5th Dream in Chat says, I got notification that Dragon Age Inquisition is coming out November 18th, 16th. Can't remember, but it's nice to have a date.
18th.
It got pushed back, too. I don't think it's in our show world, but that was some news that came out just last week.
It was originally on October 7th.
Yeah, they had to...
The $300 day.
Yeah, they pushed it back six weeks to finish the tweaks on it.
Hopefully that gives me enough time, because this is the exact same thing that happened with Mass Effect 3.
I got into the series right before 3 came out.
So I played 1, I played 2, and by the time I was ready to play 3, the game was only a week old.
So I was able to play 3 and enjoy it, and even experience that first ending that everybody hated.
So I got to experience that before Extindica was out.
It seems like the same thing is happening with Dragon Age. I don't know, let's just hope Dragon Age Inquisition has a great ending.
We'll see.
I'm glad that they delayed a game that they thought wasn't finished.
Well, it wasn't just that, it was Battlefield, which was probably the more surprising of the two, honestly.
Yeah, Battlefield... I guess they needed more time on that.
Yeah.
It's probably... I don't know.
Hey, anything to avoid the fuckery of the first one, right?
That is true.
But at the same time, they would just probably have a lot of stuff coming out around the same time.
And it is smarter to move it to a slower period where they can get more sales out of it.
That's what they did with Mass Effect 3.
It came out in March, so it makes sense.
Yeah, because literally it was on the 7th, they had so many games coming out.
They had, at one point, it was Middle Earth, Shadow of Mordor, Alien Isolation, NBA 2K15, NBA Live 15, Dragon Age Inquisition.
God, I want to say that there was also... God, what was the other game? There's another Namco RPG.
This isn't that surprising. Tales of Azealia 2? Is that out that now?
No, Azealia 2 is...
That's out sooner. That's like the end of August.
Yeah. But anyway, this isn't too surprising, though, because once you kind of get over Labor Day,
like the summer is usually a little bit of a drought, but once you start to get to the end of August and Labor Day,
that's when the holiday season is really beginning.
I mean, it really is beginning there, and it's just all the games getting out to be on shelves come Black Friday.
And there's still plenty that they keep adding crap in there,
and there's also a lot of stuff right now that's still to be announced,
date-wise, that could still fall in there somewhere.
Tech 2030 in our chat says,
February-March seems to be a big two months for games nowadays.
Tomb Raider and Bioshock Infinite both released around that time in 2013.
Yeah, I think people are finding that people want to play games year round just like they want to see movies year round.
Well, February...
Movies. Big summer movies are coming out in March now.
Like, the typical summer movies are coming out in March and April now, and they're doing just fine.
Well, March is usually the end of the financial year for a lot of companies,
and fourth quarter is the other big thing, so that's why they push this.
And next year, in February, in Movies 50 Shades of Grey, the movie, the trailer just released this week,
you know that's going to be huge.
Because I'm going to go see it, just because I love bad movies.
I love John Waters movies and cult movies. I love bad movies.
50 Shades of Grey is going to be hilarious.
It's going to be intense.
Very intense.
Intense. That's the adjective of the book.
Even the trailer. I love the Beyonce crazy love remix that they used in the trailer, don't get me wrong,
but in my head, all I could hear while I was watching the 50 Shades of Grey trailer was the American Horror Story theme song.
Have you ever heard that song?
It's just like all this noise. That's all I could hear was like creepy stalker music.
I haven't watched that yet. I should really do that.
Oh god. Especially the coven is hilarious. It's just like camp.
But the first and second season are pretty scary.
I really like Zachary Quinto though.
Me too, but we probably like him in different ways I'm thinking, Loogie.
He's just such a... I'm sorry, I fell in love with him as an actor with Cyler.
He was just a fucking great character.
And seriously one of the best parts of Heroes until they decided to say, poop on Heroes.
For me it was so notorious, but I mean probably two people out there even know what the fuck I'm talking about with that, so whatever.
Yeah. I think I know what that's about.
That was the Tori Spelling sitcom on VH1.
Oh god, no. No, but seriously he's a fucking awesome actor.
No, he's great.
I just watch anything that he's in.
Shane met him at Comic Con, speaking of Comic Con and things like that.
Shane met him at Comic Con a couple years ago.
Cool.
Little bastard.
Alright, anyway.
That's it for my Game of the Week. Let's get into some news, but first some quick plugs and housekeeping.
Follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r.
On Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
And on YouTube, we're YouTube user orange lounge radio, all one word.
We will have no show on Labor Day weekend.
I know that's a good six weeks away or five or six weeks away, but just warning you now because I'll be at Dragon Con in Atlanta.
How awesome would Fifty Shades of Grey be with Elizabeth Berkley?
Elizabeth Berkley's come a long way since Showgirls though.
Showgirls Elizabeth Berkley has.
Okay, 20 year old Elizabeth Berkley would be hilarious.
Well shit, if it had been the Twilight people like Kristen Stewart and what's his name's sparkly emotionless guy.
That would have been sparkly.
I think that's right.
Sparkly emotionless guy.
I'm hilarious too. I really don't like that actress though.
She's so like every day. She just has that face that's like I don't like she's always wearing that I don't like you face.
She's just.
I don't like him either to be honest.
She's just so sad inside.
Yes.
Emo.
They're both dead inside I think.
Like I just like eat a cookie.
Eat a protein cookie. Get some life.
I don't know anyway.
Alright, let's get into some video games.
Now people are like okay look I tuned in for a video game podcast and you fuckers are talking about Fifty Shades of Grey and Twilight.
I have had it officially.
Video game news please.
And that guy has the hiccups so we'll fucking stop.
So they finally reached I guess the quarter proof settlement for the whole PlayStation Network breach that happened back in 2011.
Which is weird because I didn't even realize there was a whole court thing going on for it.
I thought hey we got our free games and that's that you know.
But no hey guess what we're gonna get more free shit apparently as part of the settlement.
They're gonna be doling out almost 18 million dollars worth of free stuff.
Including the option to either get a free game PlayStation 3 or PSP only.
Three PlayStation 3 themes.
Or in other words the choice that no one will ever fucking pick.
Or credit for three months of PlayStation Plus.
Which is valid for new subscribers only.
What the fuck.
Seriously only new subscribers.
Because that was the one I was gonna pick was hey you know what I need some more PlayStation Plus credits.
It would be pretty sweet if I could get a subscription for three months.
You know what you greedy little bastard.
They already gave away a ton of shit after this whole thing happened remember.
Hey the whole welcome back program.
I agree and I agree that they that whole thing.
See and if you didn't take advantage of the whole welcome back program.
You actually get two of the things on there you know you can pick one.
But if you did already take advantage of that you get one of them.
But still though I mean it's like.
We don't know what games they are though right.
We don't know what games they are it's gonna be different.
But it's gonna be like stuff we've already given away.
We do know what games they are I'm sorry we do yes.
Let's see those it says those benefit benefiting from the settlement will pick up.
From a list of eight PS3 and six PSP games which include dead nation infamous.
Little Big Planet superstar does HD and rain so pretty much all those.
Those are all the games they give away during the program except for rain.
I don't think really rain for PSP was a little big planet.
Mod nation razor is pot upon three and kills on liberation.
So almost those are actually really good choices for PSP.
But the problem is they don't like the PSP is done.
It's all about the Vita now.
Well you can use those on the via.
Oh I guess that's true.
That's a good point.
And then.
So so that's not supposed to happen though until May of 2015 is when that stuff supposed to be.
Just when the PlayStation 3 is officially on its way out the door.
As more and more people. Yeah.
So I don't know like.
I guess I'll get a free game because like since they're not gonna let me have you know in PlayStation plus grades.
I kind of I'm just whatever with this because I already got a lot of stuff when you know they welcome everybody back.
I was I was legitimately surprised that they're giving away more.
I thought it was going to be like a whole send in a claim and get a check for fifty five cents for the day that PlayStation Network was down or something like I kind of thought that's what it was going to be.
But so I'm genuinely surprised they are giving away games.
Yeah. And I'm not saying that you know.
I don't feel like I'm entitled to anything but come on man.
So that's that's how it is.
You didn't necessarily feel entitled to anything until that door kind of opened a jar where it's like oh we're going to we're going to give away some games and they're like oh come on.
No no no.
Come on.
Seriously.
Get these away.
The fact that they have that will valid for only new subscribers is bullshit.
I mean come on because that's all you're doing is like saying hey we want you to get hooked on PlayStation plus.
You are the problem with the gaming community.
No I'm not.
They give you a little bit and you're like it's not good enough.
Hey I didn't say they had to give me anything.
Okay.
They did not have to give me one thing but but now that they're offering things to me.
But one of the choices you know it's like oh but.
And they're not offering that to you.
Like for example you know it's like fucking I was at Jack in the Box today picking up a milkshake because I didn't even want dinner.
I already had like dinner earlier but like I wanted something.
I'm thinking only you are going to make this about a milkshake.
No no hold on.
I'm not making about milkshake.
I'm making about a taco.
They have this thing you can register for their fucking app.
And so you register for the app and you get a coupon for one free Monster Taco.
But it's not just for the Monster Taco.
You have to make another purchase with that.
Fuck that.
The tacos worth like a buck or two.
And you can't even give me a buck or two worth of tacos.
But you bought a milkshake.
I understand that.
But I still would have to make a completely separate purchase in order to get this taco as well.
I would have to get something and then the taco.
Perhaps a second milkshake and taco.
But the fact that I have to make another purchase along with the taco is ridiculous.
What the fuck does your taco have to do?
And your fucking first world problems have to do with a Playstation settlement.
I don't like the small print that says I have to do something.
Do you want Sony to give you a taco?
Is that what this is all about?
If Jamie were here, she'd be like, fuck yes, I want a taco.
I want them to be able to give me three months of Playstation Plus.
So what if I was a subscriber previously?
I just want three months of Playstation Plus because you know what?
That's better than all those other games that you already offered me before.
And god damn it, why would I want stupid Playstation themes for my Playstation 3?
That makes no sense.
Bonds006 in chat says, making Sony come off like a drug dealer.
LOL give you a free hit and then you have to pay.
Well hey, for those that haven't had Playstation Plus before that take that.
I mean, in three months of Playstation Plus you can get a lot.
And pro tip, go flag everything on your account even if you don't necessarily download it.
Because let's say you don't own a Vita yet.
Well like if you're on Playstation Plus and you've been flagging all these free Vita games that have been given away.
When you get one, you're going to need one of them.
They started locking that out.
Did they really?
Yeah, you can't do that anymore.
Like I used to have Playstation 4 games and they locked it out.
Oh, I thought you could on the website.
That's what I do it through, is on the website.
And sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.
I bet the clever workaround would be log in one time from a friend's Playstation 4 and I bet it would work.
Maybe.
Since I used to have a Vita, Vita games are no problem.
But yeah, Playstation 4 games don't necessarily work.
And you know what, that's fine.
Because most of the games that I'm marketing for free anyways, it's like,
Shit, I already got this on fucking Steam anyways.
And I haven't played it on Steam, I'm probably not going to play it on Playstation 4 either.
So, whatever, you know.
You will eat a taco.
No, their tacos don't look very good to be honest.
It's got like, it's literally got a slice of like American cheese on it.
It just, it doesn't make any sense.
Blender in chat says, I've had those tacos, you need two to get full.
But it's monster tacos, it's supposed to be big, right?
Oh, excuse me. Alright, look.
No, no, the regular tacos, yeah, they're just, it's a buck for two.
Moving on to something else that I think people spend a lot of money on thinking they need it and then they don't really use it.
3D Blu-rays. Am I right? 3D? Am I right?
I thought that was done. I thought we've all moved on from that.
I think, I think 3D will come back when VR takes off because right now people aren't going to buy.
They're not, it looks, yeah, it's kind of funny seeing that it looks ridiculous to have glasses and watch TV, but wearing goggles to play a game, oh, that's completely fine.
So you think maybe the Morpheus might support 3D films or something?
Um, I think it could, that would be pretty cool.
That would actually be really rad in all honesty.
I think it should, um, you know, that would make sense to at least get some more functionality out of it.
Watching Tron on Morpheus might be kind of awesome.
I would love to see Tron, well, I did see it in 3D, so I know what it's like, but I saw it in 3D and with those awesome motion, motion chairs.
Me too, me too.
Ah, that was awesome. But anyways, um, yeah, I definitely think that we'll see, especially now like with the Oculus Rift and everything, um, and they're going to be marking that down.
Hopefully to a price point that's more consumer friendly other than like $300.
Well, I, Loki, I don't know how much lower something like that's going to get, especially when it's initially coming out.
I don't know, they sell it at a loss or whatever just to get the platform out there.
For a PC enabled thing? I mean, it's one thing when the software is restricted.
That's how they can sell consoles at a loss because they'll make the money back on the software and the software licensing.
PC is way more open than that. They can't, so I think you'd have a better chance that the Morpheus being cheaper and they take a loss on that.
But at the same time, I don't think companies usually take loss on peripherals.
Well, it's going to be hard for them to sell a peripheral for like $300, you know, especially to convince people that you need this.
It looks cool and everything.
Unless they have their Wii Sports. Let's be real, people bought a Wii to play that game.
I'm so hesitant, though, to buy stuff like that, you know, especially after the Kinect.
It just, uh...
Anyway, the whole reason I brought up 3D Blu-ray in the first place, just so we're clear, they're finally adding support for it for the PlayStation 4.
Even though the PS3 had it, PlayStation 4 has not had 3D Blu-ray support, but it is coming.
A very interestingly timed announcement because Microsoft has said the same thing is happening for Xbox One.
And this just came days later, so they don't want Sony to have Microsoft get anything extra there.
So yeah, this will be the 1.75 firmware, which should be out sometime in the next week.
And Xbox One will have its 3D Blu-ray support at some point in August.
And if you buy your Blu-rays at Target like me, or actually probably a lot of them do this, it seems like you get five different copies of the movie for one price.
Like, I swear, when I bought Tron, it was like, you get 3D Tron, and this is Tron Legacy, by the way.
3D Tron, and Blu-ray Tron, and DVD Tron, and Digital Tron, all for one price.
And, uh, was it, yeah, Tron 1, and Blu-ray.
I think I have 3D Lion King, too, for the same reason.
So, anyway, it'd be interesting to see if that happens.
But, uh, Black Wolf in our chat gives us something to think about with that whole just watching it on the Morpheus.
Black Wolf says it depends on if they can work out the legal issues with the Blu-ray consortium.
To get it to display in VR, you have to change the image, which is a no-no.
But, since Sony's part of the consortium, they can get it changed.
There's no Blu-ray player for Oculus Rift, because they'd have to violate the DMCA to get it to display.
So, I think he has a point, though.
If Sony wants to change the rules, they're gonna have the wiggle room to do that a little more than, necessarily, Facebook and Oculus would for their side of things.
I'm surprised that they would even have to violate anything, because, to me, it seems like it's almost like playing it on, like, a TV.
Like, it's just a different type of TV.
You know, they've got, like,
If there's very specific resolution lockdowns, though, I get it. I get what you're saying.
But they've got, like, you know, um, those things that split the image, you know, side-by-side, except for different, uh, 3D setups and stuff.
I don't know. I don't know if they'd need to go through all the, you know, trouble.
It's not like, uh, it's not like you're pirating or something.
But whatever, I guess.
Do we still have lack of 3D games on PlayStation 4, right?
I don't think any of them really support 3D.
I can't think of either.
I just don't...
I think it was kinda overblown, the importance of it.
Well, it's kinda too bad, because it was actually something I was really into that idea.
I think doing it in 3D is causing, you know, cuts into the frame rate and, you know, what they can do with that.
And since they're even having trouble, you know, on some of these getting it up to 60 frames per second, or even 1080p at 60 frames per second,
they just don't want to risk it for something that not a lot of people are ending up using.
So I think that's where everyone's at.
Maybe next generation will see that a little bit more, when, you know, when some of the stuff is more...
I think when the price comes down, if 3D TVs for whatever reason become more commonplace, but I think you're right.
I think, I just don't think people, I think people are kinda already over it.
Well, they've kinda, now they've gone the route of like, okay, 4K is gonna be the thing.
Yeah.
And I think people, once again, it's, they've run into the problem where there's just not enough content out there for it.
You know, even when 3D was, oh well, there's gonna be some, a couple channels that will be 3D, you know, but that's it.
I mean, now 4K, it's like there's not a lot of channels that are 4K, and I think for a lot of people it's just like, eh, I don't really need that.
Alright, well let's move on with something else.
Alright, so Kickstarter, of course there's always a lot of drama with certain Kickstarter funded games or whatever.
So, in this case, one game called Confederate Express that was being, I guess, developed by a guy named Maksim Poshonin.
He, I guess, had his game on Kickstarter last year.
It was this sort of rogue-like zombie courier RPG type game.
And what was supposed to be kind of unique about it was that, you know, they had this really neat lighting system on there, which really is just a normal map on top of a sprite.
But whatever, it's unique, I guess.
And it got funded for 10,000, or his goal, you know, was $10,000 back in November.
It was supposed to be coming out by June 2014.
But of course, you know, that was kind of the end of that.
He didn't really give a lot of updates.
And now, it's gotten even stranger.
Now, not only is, well there's two sets of drama going on.
The Kickstarter portion, he's actually starting, he is delaying the release of his game to work on another game that is going on around the same time.
Also uses the same engine.
He claims that it was, this company had backed, or given him some funding money to help finish, what was it, Confederate Express.
But come to find out, you know, after some people dug into it, it's actually his brother's company that him and his brother own.
And so, it was kind of a little bit shady there.
But on top of that, he had rented an apartment, I believe, or condo, from Airbnb.
Which, Airbnb is a company that, you know, if you're leaving town for a while, you can rent your house or whatever out to tenants and make some money while you're not there.
Like if you're, I guess, rich enough to where you vacation somewhere for a long extended period of time, or maybe you own a house for work or something like that.
And you work in different locations, whatever.
If you're not using your home for a while, you can rent it out.
Hell, I used to do this one, our family would rent a cabin and go up to the snow or something for a week or something.
But, the problem is, he rented this place for, I guess, 30 days.
And he's actually stayed, he negotiated a 30 day stay at the condo in Palm Springs.
And he stayed there for more than 30 days.
And apparently, because of California law, it's squatter's rights.
So, he now is claiming that he's on a month to month lease because he's been there for over 30 days.
And he's occupied the living space.
And now, the original owner can't get him to leave.
And they really can't just tear him out of there because of these protections and California law and stuff like that.
So, it's a really weird situation.
And it only gets stranger.
So, you know, instead of coming out and just kind of trying to defend himself and basically saying,
Hey, you know what, this is blown out of proportion, or even trying to explain himself, or just even being quiet about the whole thing.
He comes out and acts like a complete douchebag and makes a comment on the Confederate Express Kickstarter comments page saying,
What's the latest deets on the drama? 10 out of 10, would squat again.
Just, I don't know. That's just really, really terrible.
This guy sounds like he's drunk with power right now.
He's just doing all this shit because he can.
That's what it sounds like.
I take it back. The contract he had was for 44 days.
So, I guess Airbnb should have done the research knowing that, you know, maybe this could be exploited.
Most people would, you know, exploit this kind of loophole.
Unfortunately, a lot of these exploits don't get found out about until somebody exploits it.
And here's even the strangest part.
You know, because this is terrible that this one, this woman, Corey, is locked out of her house.
You know, while trying to get this guy evicted and it's just not happening.
So, on top of all this, he's saying that he's the one being harassed.
And that, you know, because of this, you know, I guess his brother is suffering from stress.
Here comes the lawsuit.
Yes, and he's going to sue her.
Because all these people online are saying bad things about all the exploiting stuff that's going on.
It's really mean.
So, thankfully, Airbnb is helping out the woman, you know, paying her, you know, for the time that this guy's here.
And trying to, I guess, find your housing and stuff like that in the meantime.
But it's just annoying that she's going to have to spend like five grand to get this guy out of her house.
Yeah.
And he just, and he wants people to back this other Kickstarter while he hasn't even fulfilled the first Kickstarter.
Once again, it's, you know, Kickstarting something is a good idea when it's somebody, you know, that has like a good track record.
And even then, it's hard to tell because remember the Yaga Venture thing, you know, they had a good track record in like pod, you know, doing a YouTube show.
But maybe not necessarily game development.
Whereas, you know, like I know I backed several times the video game high school stuff.
And I felt a little bit more confident that guys that are making, you know, YouTube videos and doing kind of these little short film things on YouTube are probably capable of making something slightly longer kind of along the same lines.
But not necessarily, you know, you know, not necessarily just on YouTube or something.
It was a little bit of a safer bet versus, you know, somebody you don't know.
I don't know. I guess just be very cautious on what you back.
And maybe even just if you're not sure, maybe not even back that.
Or if you're going to back something, just back it for a very minimal amount of money.
As J100matt in chat says, Airbnb is great and I know people who use it, but jerks ruin it by doing this.
Yeah, I know Jason uses it too and has good experiences with it.
And the problem here is not Airbnb.
And it's not even Kickstarter.
Like as much as I've had my issues with the Kickstarter, that's not the issue.
The problem is you've got this guy is exploiting both of them.
The two are really unrelated.
It's just that the guy has found a way to do this here and then do this here.
And he'll probably, inevitably, allegedly, whatever, he'll probably just end up moving to another state or even another country where people can't touch him.
Who's to say the game is going to ever come out?
If it does, then hey, great. What a great thing to happen.
And those people, you know, their faith holds true and everything.
But the Airbnb side of it doesn't really give you a lot of hope, does it?
It's sad because, you know, looking at what he had a demo, a playable demo of the game when he was doing the Kickstarter, and it actually is pretty good.
It's just, it's just unfortunate, you know, you can be duped by a lot of these people.
Especially if they don't have a lot of experience.
I don't know.
How are these people supposed to know on Kickstarter that this guy is just this crazy psycho?
Not psycho, but you gotta be, you know, you gotta be kind of crazy if you're, you know, purposefully squatting in someone's house and I don't even know why.
As Jonah and Matt says, it's really this one guy that's ruining everything for everyone. Yep.
Yep.
Pretty much.
Alright, well let's move on. Speaking of one company ruining everything, I've got news on the new Mass Effect game.
I'm just kidding, I'm kidding. Let's hope not, right? Let's hope not.
So there is news about the next Mass Effect game coming out of Comic-Con.
And by news I mean very little, little teases.
And one thing that they did say, the Bioware panelist said that the game is still years away, which makes me go,
I want it now. Look, I understand. I would rather they take their time and get it right. I don't want a rushed game either.
But as a fan, it is hard to not want that a lot sooner, if at all possible.
I kind of figured it was a little bit away when they didn't have anything to show.
I'm thinking 2016 at the earliest.
Probably spring 2016, I'm guessing.
Or maybe even holiday at this point.
Yeah, so I don't know. I'm not holding my breath.
But they didn't tell you what the title is, although they say it's not Mass Effect 4 for now.
But that doesn't mean they can't always change it.
It does seem like the game will have something to do with N7, which is the military designation that Commander Shepard has in the first few games, the first trilogy.
But it's not about Commander Shepard.
They only would show your hero in male and female forms, but you don't know the name or anything else.
And there's a helmet on. So again, you really don't know a lot. You just kind of see what they look like with the helmet on.
But it does seem interesting that it is going to be a story that runs concurrently with the first trilogy.
So we don't know if his or her path will intertwine with the Shepard story.
If some of those characters will cross over, it definitely seems like there's a potential for that, that some of the characters could show up.
And this makes a lot of sense. I think we've talked about the next Mass Effect game before on the show, especially Jamie and I, that something, not necessarily a sequel.
Because if you have a sequel, then you're going to have to have a definitive ending for the first trilogy, which is going to be a very hard thing to do, to have a canon ending.
But if you run something concurrently or even a prequel, that's going to make it a little easier to have a different story without having a definitive ending for the first few games.
So it will be very interesting to see how that plays out.
Also in the game, the Mako will be making an appearance.
Very unpopular vehicle for Mass Effect 1, because it kind of drove like shit, and you end up in all these really crappy positions and stuff.
But they say they've learned a lot, and of course it's going to be different this time.
I liked in theory what the Mako did, that you had to drive around the planets and look for things.
I mean, that's all part of the space exploration. I get it.
So from that end of things, I understand why they want to bring it back. Just as long as it controls a little better, it'll be really great.
So, there you go. Sparse details on the next Mass Effect game. Still don't care, huh Matt?
Nope.
I figured as much.
I haven't gotten into it this long. I don't need to get into it.
DarkTetsuya in chat says, I feel you Rob. Been waiting on Zelda Wii U since Wind Waker HD finished, so I feel your pain.
Yeah, I know that's going to be a wait too for Zelda Wii U, although that's probably closer to the next holiday, honestly.
I think that's next holiday.
That'll be next holiday.
I hope it's next holiday.
Zelda Wii U will be out before Mass Effect next.
I think they have to pretty much put it out next holiday at this point, because that's going to really drive system sales.
And they need it now rather than later.
Alright, well let's see what's going to drive sales at your local game store this week as we travel around the world and check out release dates.
That's easy. It's going to be The Last of Us Remastered on Playstation 4.
And then, probably not so much. They've got Lego Ninjago and Ninjroids on 3DS and Vita. That's it.
Pretty slow week yet again.
It's July.
Yeah, this time of year doesn't tend to be very action packed, does it?
Alright, well let's move over to Japan and check out the releases over there.
Let's see, on July 31st, I think is the only date I really have releases for, Race Driver Grid 2.
That's the only price reduction. That's going into the best series on the Playstation 3.
That's it.
There's a new monitor for Playstation 4 coming out that's not a game, but some type of peripheral.
Like a full HD liquid crystal monitor for Playstation 4.
It just made me think about that, remember that Sony 3D TV that they put out?
Yeah, I remember that.
I kind of wish I'd bought that, like when they dropped the price on it. I had a hard time selling that. I kind of wish I did.
Yeah.
I know, I know.
They're not, I don't know. We had a couple that we just couldn't get rid of that for a long time.
It finally did?
They finally marked them down and they sold them.
Yeah. On the Playstation Vita, Child of Light is released on the Vita, a special edition from Ubisoft this week.
And Kaihu Shoju-Sin comes out this week on the Vita as well.
And lastly, looking at the 3DS, the 3DS has a few more things.
Sony Pro, that's S-O-N-I, not to be confused with the makers of the other handheld.
Happiness Charge Pre-Cure, Kawarun Collection.
And Fate Khalid Linear, Prisma Aliyah comes out.
So it looks like the 3DS probably has more than anything else, otherwise it's a slow week over in Japan as well.
Sadly, Dark Sakura isn't here, but I happen to have the Europe releases up anyway.
On July, excuse me, I'm way too early. Let's try not July dates. Let's try August, huh?
Or the end of July.
Would really be the dates that I want.
I think August 1st would be...
Yeah, Last of Us Remastered is also out over there on the 29th of July.
On the 31st of July, Pinball FX2.
And on August 1st, Sacred III on 360, Playstation 3, and PC.
So also a slow week over there in Europe.
Just a couple more stories, and then the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura's not here tonight, so I picked a classic game tonight that Loki and I can nerd the fuck out over.
Because sadly it's not a game Dark Sakura ever played.
I know this, because the games come up on the show before.
So we'll get to it in a minute. Don't peek, don't spoil it.
I won't.
So I think this is kind of cool.
The Wii version of Skylanders Trap Team is actually going to include a digital copy along with it for the Wii U version of Skylanders Trap Team.
So, hey, you may want to have that for your new console that you might buy in the fourth quarter or something like that when your other games come out.
So it's kind of cool that they give you two copies of the game.
Granted, it's probably safe to say it's not really two copies of the game, because you need that stupid portal to play the game.
But it's still cool that they're giving something away. I think that's kind of neat.
Now, what's not so neat, though, is this brand new Eons Elite Skylanders figures that they have.
Which, guess who they're exclusive to?
That's right, Gamestop.
And these Elite figures are actually, I guess, repainted.
They have some foil, they come in a foil display case, and you can, they're going to have one, I guess, of each element.
So is that what they were doing, was sitting at the Activision and Gamestop collaboration meeting going,
And we'll cover it in foil, foil.
They're also going to, I guess, have a premium price tag. Of course, because it's Gamestop!
Why wouldn't they have a premium price tag?
They've got, they've so far announced Spyro and Chop Chop, and the characters look like they're a little bit more intricately painted,
and they have crap flying, well, Spyro has, like, books, like magical books flying around with him.
I don't understand where that shit's going to come in, you know.
And if you may be wondering, hey, what exactly is so special about them, other than the fact that they're repainted?
Well, the Eon Elite toys summon their in-game characters who are up to three times as powerful as their non-premium characters.
So, three times more powerful if you pay the cash.
You better move your laptop, because I'm about to flip that table.
Look, it's not, it's not that I care about Skylanders or whatever, because I'm not as into this series as, like, somebody like, say, Shane.
Although, I did, he made me play the PlayStation 4 one, it was kind of fun. Like, I did enjoy, you know, my time with it.
But, this whole, like, giving Gamestop and only Gamestop the exclusives that have this kind of impact in the game,
this fuckery, and that's what it is, it is fuckery, it has to quit.
Like, I just, can I go on record and say, if I fucking hear one of these CEOs go,
oh, this is what the players want, or any form or derivative of that statement, I am going to fucking scream.
Or, I, how about this, I don't want to hear these people fucking complain about Gamestop ruining their margins,
because they're selling used games, and yet at the same time they're fucking giving them exclusive DLC on all these new release games,
and exclusive shit like this.
Listen, you're either friends with Gamestop or you're fucking enemies with Gamestop.
You're not, like, fucking trying to play both sides of the coin.
Like, seriously, it's like, oh, well, did you just, I wished it would stop selling so many used games because,
because it really hurts our new game sales, but you can get this game exclusively at Gamestop.
You know, that's just, I'm so tired of hearing that.
Just, you pick a side, don't fucking give exclusive DLC out, and let's just be honest now, okay?
I've seen a lot of this DLC that comes out, you know, this pre-order DLC, and a lot of it is just shit.
And a lot of it is just shit that, guess what, it's like Sniper Elite, for example.
Sniper Elite 3 that just came out a few weeks ago.
They had this exclusive mission that you go kill Hitler, which, surprise, if you've ever played any of the other Sniper Elite games,
each one comes with a fucking mission to kill Hitler, okay? Every single one.
So anyways, whatever, you kill Hitler.
Two weeks later, everybody can, everyone can buy it.
I mean, you have to pay for it, granted, it's not free, but it's not exclusive anymore.
I don't know. Just wait for the Game of the Year edition.
Bonds006 says, thank you for saying exactly what I ask of these game makers.
Gamestop is robbing us, but here's Gamestop-only content. Boo fucking who?
I just, I want choice. I want there to be choice.
If you're gonna do this, then give it to Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, Target, you know,
why does it all have to be this one retailer, like, that I purpose, I just don't like to shop at?
I don't know, I mean, it's-
I have my reasons, and this is a pretty good one.
And let's be honest, okay, I'm only angry about this because it's not because of Skylanders,
because I don't give a fuck about Skylanders.
My thing is, if I'm not angry about this now, it's eventually gonna get to be something that, something that I want.
That, you know, it is a game or something that I really want to buy, but now it's exclusive to Gamestop,
and they're charging a premium price for it because they can fucking do that.
That's where, see, it needs to stop now before it gets to that point. That's the way I see it.
I'm gonna say something pretty ballsy here, but I don't care.
I'm in a mood tonight, especially with the hiccups having derailed the first half of the show,
I would rather pirate a game than get it at Gamestop.
I'm not using that as an excuse to justify piracy, because I don't pirate games, because most everything I want,
even what I came closest to, Xenoblade, came out through the Nintendo thing as well.
But, you know, this whole shit has gotta stop, because yes, I would rather pirate games than buy them from Gamestop.
And, no offense, I'm sure we have plenty of Gamestop employees that listen to this show,
my beef is not with the hardworking people that are getting paid way too little to put up with all of this fuckery.
The fuckery from me, the fuckery from their management, the more fuckery from their management,
and the continued fuckery of their management.
Done. Soapbox. Put it away.
Anything else you'd like to add, Loki?
They also announced the dark editions of, you know, the collector's editions that come with characters that are darker.
And it's ten dollars more expensive.
That's like the shinies of Pokemon.
But it comes with a trap crystal that you can catch the bad guy of the game in chaos and use him as a character.
Which you only get that through, you know, buying this collector's edition that's ten dollars more expensive.
Oh, by the way, that collector's edition, not even on Skylanders now, let's go back to Disney Infinity here.
The collector's edition of Disney Infinity comes with all the, you know, the regular version of the game,
the starter pack comes with three of the Avenger characters.
And I think that they have, normally they have Hulk, Hawkeye, and Captain America,
the other characters that they add on top of that with it.
In fact, Hulk isn't exclusive to this collector's edition until the end of,
oh, I'm sorry, I can't say it, but, until the end of some other month.
And, so, they have that. It's a hundred and eighty dollars.
A hundred and eighty dollars.
And it comes, the thing that's really separate from buying the characters themselves in the starter pack
is this display case that it has that's not worth sixty extra dollars.
A hundred and fucking eighty dollars for this shit.
I'm just saying, guys, you have to vote with your wallet at the end of the day.
How bad do you need that one scrappy little piece of DLC?
Let me give you a hint, you don't.
If the game is going to suck without that piece of DLC, then the game wasn't worth the purchase anyway.
You have to vote with your wallet.
Hey, if you want to shop at GameStop and do all that, you know what, more power to you.
You, this is America, and you can spend your money wherever the fuck you damn well please, that is your,
and even the other countries that listen to this show enjoy similar freedoms.
You can spend your money wherever the hell you like.
Don't let this complaining little bastard stop you.
Do it.
But, if you don't like it, and you want things to change, then you have to speak with your wallet
because that's the only thing that really matters at the end of the day.
Alright, moving on.
Speaking of voting with your wallet, how would you like to buy some good old fashioned games?
That's right, there's GOG.com, some good old games, which, you know, they really like to promote
that they give DRM-free game distribution, and that is now coming to Linux as well.
So for all you that have installed Linux on your toaster or your refrigerator, there are some games you can now play on it.
I'm kidding, because obviously they don't have the power to play these games.
But, those of you that do like to put Linux on your laptop or wherever, your desktop, wherever you have Linux,
you have some games now from GOG that will support Linux, including Pirates Gold Plus, FlatOut 2,
Rise of the Triad, Dark War, 50 Linux compatible games added to the online catalog.
This is in response to a previous initiative saying they will bring more than 100 Linux games to the service by fall.
Pretty cool. For those, you know, again, that like their choice and you don't want to have to use Windows,
and you don't like Apple either, so you use Linux, more power to you.
Now you have these games available to you. And some classics, Pirates Gold, that's a classic.
Speaking of classics, folks, it's time to take a trip down memory lane.
I don't think this game is on GOG.com yet, but it should be.
Every week, Dark Soccer steps into the gaming vault and she finds a game that she says,
hey, you little bastards ought to be playing this game.
I was going to say, I haven't even looked at what the game was, but I kind of already knew what it was,
because now I'm thinking of it. And now it confirms that.
Alright, so here it is. Dark Soccer is not here this week, so ha, I'm going to step into my gaming vault
and pick a game that I think you guys should play this week.
And it's one that we've talked about on the show before.
And it's free, I think, right now.
But believe it or not, it has never been a classic game of the week, and it needs to change.
And I'm going to, this is a DOS game, so it doesn't have a lot of music.
It didn't even use AdLib or Sound Blaster, so it doesn't really have a lot of music.
But let me see if you can guess, just from these little sounds, what it is.
Anybody? Anybody?
Now this game doesn't have a lot of sound to it, so I will kind of minimize it.
And it can run there in the background.
Let's talk about a true classic game, one of my very favorite PC games they ever did make.
ZZT. ZZT is the classic game of the week.
Ah, yes.
That's right. ZZT was created in 1991 by Tim Sweeney, which was Potomac Computer Systems at the time,
and now it's Epic MegaGames. That was transitioned in 92.
ZZT, it doesn't stand for anything. There was no reason it was given that particular name.
The reason why he gave it that name is that it would always appear at the bottom of news group listings.
Some people want to be on the top, others want to be on the bottom.
So there you go, it's always at the bottom of news group listings.
Sweeney once joked it's short for Zoo of Zero Tolerance, but now everybody kind of believes that that is what it really means.
So Zoo of Zero Tolerance, I had never heard that before.
The Zoo of Zero Tolerance, it makes sense I guess.
Although it says nothing about the creation aspects of this game.
Now, this game runs all in text, ANSI graphics.
For those of you younger folks that weren't around when ANSI was all the rage,
that basically means a game completely played in a text environment, like a text screen.
Kingdom of Krause was a game that used this kind of engine about four years before this game came out.
ZZT was a shareware game.
And is shareware even something they really do anymore? You don't really see a lot of this.
What was shareware? Shareware was they gave away the first of four worlds, and the first one was free.
So I guess if you think about it, the Destiny beta was the first world.
I would still say that a lot of the Telltale games now are like that.
Ah, that's a good point. A lot of Telltale stuff is like shareware. That's really good.
So yeah, ZZT was shareware. The Freetown was called the town of ZZT.
And for those of you that are looking at YouTube, you'll probably see the little dude playing through that,
as there's very minimal noise, except when he picks up items.
I hope it's saying to turn down your YouTube a little more.
Is it? Too loud?
Yeah.
I'm sorry these DOS-based sounds are too much for you all to handle.
They're too intense.
They're too intense, all the little blips and blops.
Alright, town of ZZT was the free one they gave away.
Caves of ZZT, dungeons of ZZT, and city of ZZTs were the other.
It was a very simple game. You moved your little happy face around with four cursor keys.
If you hold the shift key down and press a cursor key, you will shoot a bullet if you have ammo.
You can pick up ammo, which is five rounds for each thing you pick up.
Gems, which is currency.
Torches, which you use by hitting the T key if a room is dark.
And energizers that will make you invincible temporarily.
Some of the enemies you will fight in the game include lions that randomly move around.
Tigers that move around and fire bullets.
I don't know who decided to give a tiger a gun, but they did.
Ruffians that will chase you, rest and then repeat.
Bears, slimes, and spinning guns.
So, I know this game may sound like, okay, it doesn't sound that awesome,
but here's where the game gets really awesome is that you got to make your own games.
It had a built-in editor.
It had an object-oriented scripting language in the game called ZZT OOP
that allowed you to actually create your own levels.
And so, back in the day of BBSs, when, you know, Loki's talked about this before.
I've talked about this before.
Fans of Bobby Blackwell know he talks about this too.
You used to call into BBSs, and not only would you download your shareware ZZT,
but you could download levels that other people made in ZZT and play like friends levels.
And, you know, people would do the same shit then that they do today.
They would draw a level that's nothing but a giant penis with little guns that shoot out.
All that same shit would happen back in the day.
We did some awesome stuff.
I remember my classmates used to make, like, Zen Trotti stuff,
because they were really big into, like, Macross and stuff,
so they'd make, like, you know, working mechs and just all sorts of crazy things.
And I actually had a cool game that started that had a really generic title, Adventure Quest.
And it was pretty far along.
And then, unfortunately, my floppy disk got corrupted, and I lost it.
But, yeah, there was that and, you know, Megazooks, of course, and Super ZZT.
They did release what was called The Best of ZZT, which was kind of like the Tim Sweeney endorsed levels that he liked.
So that was pretty cool that they released all that together.
Now, Loki's starting to talk about some of the other games that came after it.
Some of the other things.
There was Megazoo was one of them. Super ZZT was there.
Super ZZT didn't really have an easily accessible editor in it,
which is why a lot of people didn't think it was as good.
Honestly, for me, none of these sequels really did it the same way ZZT did.
Megazooks is actually really good.
Did it?
Have you played that?
I remember playing it back in the day, but not enough.
Megazooks is very much like ZZT.
Super ZZT, they decided they'd go with their own, like, thing.
Instead of it being text-based, it was, like, square-based.
And so they had text and everything, but it looked like it was stretched horizontally.
It was just really weird.
Whereas Megazooks was more, it looked like ZZT,
but you could create your own text characters,
and you could also put, you know, your own music in there,
like Scream Tracker stuff.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I do remember that, because I remember the mod,
because I had this mod file that was, like, the Gauntlet song or something,
and we put it in one of those levels.
That was, like, one of the things we did.
I had some pretty sweet stuff in that one, too.
Nice.
Actually, I restarted my game.
I would love to see some of your old ZZT creations.
Oh, God, I don't have them anymore.
I really wish I had them, because they were so cool.
Yeah, me neither. Online or gone. Sad.
Get this. ZZT was still on sale through 2009,
where it was available through mail order.
They finally distributed the very last copy in late 2013.
So that was it.
That was the end of ZZT.
Now, I thought I heard somewhere, though, that they give this away for free now.
I thought I remember we had a story on it previously.
I don't see it in what's in front of me.
I hope somebody in the chatters know a little more about this,
because I thought you could just get the whole ZZT thing for free now.
Some of the other games that ZZT inspired.
Dream ZZT, which was an open-source ZZT engine for Mac, Windows, Linux,
the Nintendo DS, and the Sega Dreamcast.
I had no idea somebody put ZZT on the Dreamcast.
That's amazing.
That's awesome.
I want to check that out.
Direct ZZT, which is an open-source C-sharp game
that reconstructs ZZT using modern graphics technologies,
hence the name Direct ZZT in parallel to Direct X.
Very cool.
So there it is, your classic game of the week, ZZT.
And I think part of the reason Loki and I love this game so much is just
it was really, you know, you could create.
It wasn't just playing these already established levels,
but being able to create your own shit and share it with friends.
I mean, that's some of the stuff a lot of us still enjoy in games today.
Little Big Planet, huge example of that, and a lot of what happened
in what was that called, like, the Gameplay 2.0 Initiative or whatever,
you know, Play, Create, Share, whatever that was.
Yeah.
They call that.
A lot of that you can trace back to something like ZZT
and old classic games, a pinball construction set,
which I'll have to cover in a future week by Electronic Arts.
That's right, yay, way back in the day was a great, great game too
that was a similar thing where you can construct your own pinball boards
and let your friends play them.
So there it is.
I missed this.
This game is awesome.
Right?
I know, huh?
Yeah.
We should have, like, a VoG ZZT level creation contest or something.
I feel like nobody would enter.
Or, no, even better, let's just, like, forget just the VoG creation thing,
just, like, have, like, a co-opt VoG game made out of ZZT.
That would be pretty sweet.
We need something on the site besides Flappy VoG.
All right.
There it is.
Once again, your Classic Game of the Week, ZZT.
That is going to do it for Part A of the show,
but don't go anywhere, guys.
We have plenty more show to come, including the Fugu Question of the Week,
news about more games coming to PlayStation 4,
which are PlayStation 3 remakes,
but these are ones I think a lot of you will be looking forward to,
and more Tekken updates to follow last week.
We will be back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio
right after this.
Don't go anywhere.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this July the 27th of 2014 with episode number 561 of our show,
and here I thought the hiccups and coughing was done.
They're back for Part B.
I know, they're back for Part B, just like we are.
Good gosh.
All right, so we're a little broken tonight.
Not only Dark Soccer, she's not here tonight.
Unfortunately, she wasn't feeling too well,
and she needs to rest up so she can go back to work tomorrow,
so it's just Loki and I holding down the fort,
but then I keep wanting to spontaneously combust over here or something,
so I apologize to you guys, but we do it live.
That's the way we do it.
It's live and unedited, so sometimes it's going to be a little weird.
If you want to join us for a live show, of course you can come out on Sunday nights,
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, at Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Speaking of the Voice of Geeks Network, lots of great shows on the network,
and I mentioned this a little earlier in the show.
I talk about movies and anime and other gaming shows and RPGs
and Star Trek and all this stuff.
One of the other shows on our network,
and these guys are always really great supporters of what we do here at OLR,
and one of their hosts, Brad, is here almost every week, Pod Culture,
a great show that's on Monday nights on the network, 6 o'clock Pacific.
They talk about kind of like general sci-fi geekery.
They talk about a lot of movies and TV,
but they get into the game chatter once in a while too.
Sometimes they do special episodes on Doctor Who called TARDIS Interruptus,
but the reason why I bring that up is that I want to give a shout-out
to one of the hosts over at Pod Culture, Glenn,
because Glenn has a new book that just came out that you can check out.
I always say support indie broadcasting, so why not support indie publishing?
If you want to check out this book, check it out.
It's Darkness Unbound, and you can check that out at
You can check that out at
Check that out, and if you want to know what this book is all about,
it's one of those thriller mystery type of things,
because a family of four murdered in their sleep,
and the entire city is on edge.
Police investigate the occult connections between these murders
and similar murders from 13 years ago.
One detective knows the truth.
Something dark from Sister Marion's past has returned.
Now innocent lives are being lost.
Will she have the faith to face her greatest fear?
We'll find out over at
Best of luck to Glenn.
It's really exciting to have something that you've kind of created
and poured a lot into, like be out there and be available,
which you're hoping to get to with your game someday, right?
Yep. Oh god, my game just, this week, rewriting stuff,
making it a lot simpler.
That's what I was doing.
Except I'm going to be really busy this week.
Damn, I was going to make a joke in there saying like,
yes, the shocking truth, that it's music and dancing that have caused these murders,
and so we have to outlaw all music and dancing.
Wasn't that the plot of Footloose?
Yeah, it might have been.
All right, again, that's tinyurl.com slash darkness unbound,
but you've got to capitalize the D and the U, like darkness,
capital D, unbound, capital U,
because it's one of those like case sensitive tiny URL.
That is just going to redirect you to the Amazon page,
if you're curious, like where are you sending me, Rob?
It's just the Amazon page where you can buy the book.
Send you on an adventure.
That's right, a choose your own adventure,
and you'll have to play all four chapters of ZZT
before you're eligible to purchase the book.
I don't know if I've ever played all four chapters.
All right, anyhow, let's move on.
We've got some rapid fire news,
traveling around the gaming industry
and checking out what else is going on.
So Media Molecule is teasing a brand new game
that they're working on in a video called Embrace the Glitch,
and apparently they had some sort of glitch
with some rendering thing that they were doing,
and what is the thing that they're teasing?
Well, it appears to be those marionette puppets
or whatever, that tech demo that they had
that they showed during E3 2013,
and it was also that thing that they had
where you could sculpt stuff with the PlayStation Move
and do all sorts of weird stuff with that.
So don't know much more about it.
If I were to take a guess,
I'm guessing that we'll see more of this at maybe Gamescom
because I believe Media Molecule is a European company.
They sure are.
So that'd be my guess.
Anyways, so this is kind of neat.
NES Remix pack.
They're going to be coming out in disc format this holiday,
and it's going to include NES Remix 1 and 2,
and no word on what it's going to cost,
but I'm guessing maybe like $29.99 maybe
because they're saying it's about $28 US
for the Famicom Remix pack,
so that makes sense, I guess.
And last but not least,
the Uncharted movie is supposed to be coming out to theaters
June 10th, 2016,
and I'm not sure if that happens to be the same date
that falls on for other movies here.
Oh, yes, June 10th also would be...
Let's see.
Oh, originally it was supposed to be for the Amazing Inspirement 3.
That's what it looks like. Familiar.
But that got delayed to 2018.
By that time, I'm not going to remember
that they have an Amazing Inspirement 3.
Well, that's fine
because I've never seen the first or second one, so whatever.
But Uncharted, that'd be pretty cool.
I'm surprised that they're making so many movies
of these Sony properties all of a sudden,
and I don't know, I think it's kind of cool.
Maybe, maybe we'll start a trend
where there'll be good video game movies.
That would be something, wouldn't it?
I'm looking forward to...
I'm looking forward to Fassbender and Assassin's Creed.
I'm just saying, I would think that Sony
making a movie of their own property
probably won't fuck it up.
Just saying, you know.
I'm pretty confident that Sony knows their own properties
that they won't fuck it up.
Well, let's, you know, let's be cautiously optimistic.
Shall we?
Alright, this has me pretty excited.
Arcade classic.
Silent Scope, you ever played this?
I know we used to play this.
This was featured alongside DDR.
They used to have that machine,
and what was it, mocap boxing and all that stuff?
Was it Police 911?
Police 911.
Anyway, Silent Scope, they haven't really done one in a while,
but get this, it's coming back.
That's right, Silent Scope is coming back to the arcade.
It's an anime-style Silent Scope game
called Silent Scope Bone Eater.
I wonder if it'll have a theme song like Snake Eater.
Bone Eater!
That sounds like a parody.
I know.
Yeah, I'm just, I'm not gonna go there.
You all read into it.
If you have the mind of a 12-year-old, you'll understand.
But here's the thing.
I mean, if it's Konami, then they're definitely well aware
that there was a Snake Eater, so, you know.
No, why not? So now we got a Bone Eater.
So, again, this is in Japan, though.
We don't have arcades here in America.
That's why we probably won't see this over here.
Sad but true.
Silent Scope Bone Eater will have network connectivity
that will allow four snipers to all eat bones together
and dispatch enemies.
No word on if it's each other, though,
because that might be kind of fun if you could, like, snipe each other.
God, that'd be cool, you know.
Later this year is when this is coming out.
Total tangent, but they should have totally done a, um...
Oh, what the fuck was that movie?
It was, um...
I wanna say The Watchmen, but it's not The Watchmen.
It's, uh...
God, okay, now I can't remember the fucking franchise.
The Guardians of the Galaxy?
No, it's the one where they curved bullets.
They've been, um...
Oh, Wanted.
Wanted, yes.
It would've been awesome if they did, like, a Wanted gun game
with, like, motion sensors built into the guns
so you can curve the bullets by, like, moving the gun.
I didn't know it would be totally sweet.
That would've been a unique feature to have in an arcade cabinet.
And hell, you know what?
They put out a Rambo game not too long ago.
It's not fucking too late to make a Wanted game.
I would be happy to see it.
And another Wanted movie,
because that movie I thought was pretty sweet.
That movie was so, like, ridiculous, but I loved it.
It was so, like, stupid.
The comic, I guess, is even more ridiculous, but...
I bet.
I can't wait.
Speaking of ridiculous things,
I love more than anything else in the world.
We have an excuse to talk about RuPaul's Drag Race this week, everybody.
RuPaul's Drag Race Dragopolis 2.0 has been announced
for the App Store and Google Play.
And more information on Dragopolis 2.0 came out this week.
Queens like Jinx Monsoon, Shangela, and Sharon Needles
will be featured in the game.
Why wasn't this debuted at GamerCon?
They did announce...
Actually, I was at a panel where they did kind of confirm
that this was happening at GamerX.
The first Dragopolis was at GamerX last year.
Also, I can't believe...
This was in a little summary here, but I have to know...
One of my favorite queens ever that's been on the show,
Alaska Thunderfuck, will also be in the game.
Hi!
Hi, everybody.
Some of the people have no idea what I'm talking about out there.
Guilty pleasure show.
Maybe one of them.
I don't care if you're straight, gay, whatever in between,
who you are.
RuPaul's Drag Race is a primo TV show for everybody.
Also in the game, Jujubee, Ongina, Raven also in the game,
so that'll be fun.
You will have fashion challenges,
and you will be able to outfit and accessorize
each queen in the game.
There is no lip syncing in the game, though, however.
This is just a little iPhone game.
But, yeah, it's just a silly little iPhone game
that I remember you just would like.
It was like a little platformer type of game the first one,
so I'm sure this one's just like it.
Is this Frog Factions 2?
No, it's sadly no, I wish.
But they do say in this game you'll be playing through fashion challenge levels
inspired by the show, such as the Hero's Ball, the Glitter Ball, and more.
Are you excited to play the Glitter Ball?
I did not play the first game, so...
I feel that I would be left out.
Bye!
All right.
Then here we go.
Let's talk about something maybe you do know a little more about.
This has to do with Kingdom Hearts meets Batman.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on.
I'm not talking about Kingdom Hearts 3, people. Hold on.
But this is pretty cool.
Tetsuya Nomura, who a lot of you guys know from Kingdom Hearts,
he actually did a Batman redesign that is being seen around, I guess, Comic-Con.
It's at the Square Enix booth at Comic-Con.
And, yeah, he did his own little take on it.
It's actually going to be a variant play arts action figure that's coming out.
And what did you think?
I mean, it's very different.
I mean, it's hard to explain on a radio show,
but when I think of, like, Baflek, I certainly don't see this.
There's a lot of, like...
Bahamut Man?
Yeah, it's like Bahamut Man.
Yeah, this is what it looks like.
It's neat.
It's not like Batman.
It's very much of a stretch to call it Batman.
I like the design, but...
Yeah.
Would you have that sitting on your desk at work?
Yes.
If someone gave me that, yes, I would put that shit up.
Here you go.
Here's the thing.
I would love to see something that kind of crazy.
That style, just very Japanese.
Just the whole Batman.
All the characters would be fucking awesome.
I would totally dig that.
Alan Alchemy in chat says,
Is it covered with belts and belt buckles?
It needs more belt buckles.
Always more belt buckles.
Wrong.
That's true.
That's true if you're talking about a character.
However, this is more of an armor, so it falls into the mech type thing.
Lots of spikes and unnecessary joints and stuff like that.
Rama says,
Looks beastly as fuck.
And Fifth Dream says,
It's like if they made a current style movie of Batman Beyond.
Ooh, maybe.
I'd be down with that too.
Now you got me thinking.
Now you got us all thinking here.
All right, and we wanted to get you guys thinking on this story here
with our foogle question of the week.
Thanks for having a good home.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
You slam those together and you get foogle.
And yeah, it's time for the foogle question of the week.
And we actually asked about this very thing, the whole Batman by Tetsuya Nomura.
And so we said,
We'd like to know what video game maker would you like to see provide a fresh take
on a particular famous movie or comic book character
and why would that pairing be so awesome?
So I'll ask you in a minute, Loki.
You'll be thinking about this while I get to some of our listeners this week.
We'll start on Google Plus tonight where we have one lone answer,
one lone answer from Redertainment on Google Plus.
No, love for Google Plus.
But Redertainment does say,
Movie or comic books?
So I can't get Hideo Kojima to write the next season of 24?
Shoot.
You know what?
I'll take it, actually.
That's a pretty awesome crossover.
24 technically, I think they did have comic books for.
And 24 had a game.
And I think even Konami were the ones that published it, actually.
It was a long time ago.
Maybe.
I could be wrong on that.
Let me think.
I've been thinking here.
It's no.
The game was, no, it was Ubisoft, I think did it.
Because it was set between seasons two and three.
I remember that.
I don't think it was Ubisoft either.
Really?
Well, look at, to the wiki.
Yes, but I'll just look it up.
Yeah.
Look it up.
Come back to me in a minute here.
While we get some of our answers on Facebook.
Because some of you guys answered the question over on Facebook.
And just a few.
I guess you guys were having a hard time thinking of some answers.
Maybe this question was too hard.
I don't know.
But we do have our friend Renee from Killer Queens from Outer Space Podcast.
Who says Keiji Inafune designing Robocop or Terminator would be Amazeballs.
That's a good answer.
Dark Tetsuya says 2K.
It was 2K.
That's right.
Mrs. Jonah and Matt saying SCE and 2K.
That was right.
2K.
I remember that was one of the earliest games that wanted to have us work with them.
Because we gave away a copy of that game on the show.
It was a long time ago.
A long time ago.
That was a PS2 game if I'm not mistaken.
Yes it was.
William Murderface.
I always love that name.
So friendly.
William Murderface says I would love to see the Witcher team redesign Maleficent from Sleeping Beauty.
I think they could add depth and nuance to a character that deserves far more than she's been given in the past.
I know that the new movie tried to do it but I think it could have been done better.
You know that new Witcher game.
I didn't get to play it at E3 but they did a very long demo of it.
And I noted in that game how cinematic and how the art direction was really good in that game.
That little preview we saw.
So I can see where you might want to see a different take on Maleficent with that.
I like that.
I think Maleficent is one of those characters that you can see done different ways.
Maleficent is up there with Batman.
Awesome Unicorn says how about we have Platinum Games of Bayonetta fame right?
Work their magic on Barbarella.
Now granted all she could really do most of the time in the film is get knocked out and have sex with whoever she feels like.
But I'm sure Kamiya could create a ridiculous Bayonetta style overhaul to allow her fierceness to shine.
I like that.
That's a good one.
And Dartitsuya last but not least says I'd like to see Kojima Productions take on Pacific Rim.
Good answers.
Good answer.
I'm sad we didn't get more of them but whatever.
I guess that was a tough question.
So Loki what did you think of that one?
Let's see.
I got so many ideas.
But one I've always wanted to see and actually kind of wanted to try it at one point but it would have just been too damn hard to do it in the current engine.
Is to see Rockstar Games take on Tron.
It would be fucking amazing.
You got a little taste of that in Saints Row the Third with that gang.
Okay no no.
I'm sorry no no.
I tried.
Saints Row I'm sorry.
My god.
Let's go on a tangent here because now we're talking about it.
I've been listening to like at one of my old CDs I have some of the Saints Row 4 music on there.
And I kept thinking about like how they could have changed Saints Row 4 to have made it better.
And I actually had a great idea and it wouldn't have taken too much.
I mean one they had spoilers.
They would have not blown up Earth you know and they could have still had it where the feets is in and everything.
But the very end kind of do sort of a Men in Black type thing where they have to zap everybody so that their memory is erased of you know the events that happened.
And because of that now no one remembers who the Saints are and so they have to in the next game come up from nothing like they did in the first one.
Boom reboot for next gen.
And it made perfect sense and it would have brought it back around and they could have maybe drowned it down a little bit and made it look less crazy wacky and a little bit more gangster again.
My answer is going to be kind of along the lines of Wanted being very like over the top and everything.
This is a series that you know it kind of it's ended. It's gone.
But we had so much expectations from this series after the first movie particularly.
And they did make a game of this series but I think we all wanted something even more than that.
And that would be I would want Platinum Games. I'm going to go with them as well.
I would want to see their take on The Matrix.
That would have been. Come on. Huh. Some of that some of that really over the top stuff would have been amazing for The Matrix. Right.
And enter The Matrix. I don't remember being a particularly bad game.
It was a good game. I liked it.
It was very it was kind of ambitious for its time.
You know especially how it worked in a lot of like concurrent stuff that runs with the movie.
And like that basically Jada Pinkett who is you know a pretty big star was a big part of that game.
She had a more pronounced role in those games as she did in the movies.
So I always kind of thought that was interesting.
I liked the game a lot.
So yeah I liked it. But I'd like to see Platinum Games take. I mean who made Enter The Matrix. Is that Atari? I think it was like.
That was yeah I think.
Because then they made a Matrix online which kind of you know didn't didn't really go so well.
But which in theory on paper Matrix online but I think there's just there was too much other stuff going on online.
But yeah I'd like to see Platinum Games take on that. Some of those fight sequences from the first movie.
I would just love to see a new Matrix game. Just go back to it.
I mean now that the technology is so much better now it would be so cool. How will it even take another Matrix online.
All right. Those are those are our answers there for the Fugu question of the week.
Thanks you guys for participating. If you missed it try next week.
Let's move on. Some more video game news stories. Loki.
All right. So let's see. This is kind of cool.
You know there is a lot of games that people are wanting to come back for PlayStation 4.
And some that people are surprised that they didn't even see because you know they've been doing a lot of these HD remakes for PlayStation 4.
You like you see the Metro collection and The Last of Us and all that stuff.
Well one of the games you know that was I think when the first PlayStation 4 games was Flower.
And people were like oh hey Wolf that game companies flowers there.
Well we see Journey. Maybe.
Well apparently Sony's Gamescom landing page they had a bunch of games listed for the PlayStation 4.
And one of those games of course was Journey included though with that.
Until Dawn. Hey remember Until Dawn.
It was the PlayStation move horror game title that's supposed to be coming out for PlayStation 3.
That never happened. Now that may mean that might be I don't know if it's going to be a move title.
Maybe maybe even like no it would be really cool to be like Project Morpheus.
You know a lot of people have that camera though for PlayStation and essentially if you have the controller you have some of that element of move.
Nom Nom Galaxy also they're doing some ports of Hustle Kings, Pixa Cat and the Unfinished Swan.
I guess those are revealed by content rating submissions in Korea.
So cool I'm definitely checking out to see what kind of announcements we have out of Gamescom.
I'm hoping out of Gamescom we also have the announcement of the release date for Grand Thefto 5 on next gen.
Oh I'm sure it'll be before Black Friday.
It's I think it's if I was going to take maybe like the 19th of November.
Yeah that'd be my guess.
Well last week we talked about Tekken 7 and yes Tekken 7.
There was a little trailer that came out of Comic Con from that and some more details from Tekken 7.
There will be some answers to Tekken mysteries like why did Heihachi throw his son Kazuya off a cliff.
That will be answered in Tekken 7 I suppose.
There will be guest artists in the game including Yuzuki Kozaki from Fire Emblem Awakening.
Some talent behind Bayonetta, Duel Masters, Anarchy Reigns, that'll be pretty cool.
Lars is also going to be one of the characters in Tekken 7.
That's pretty cool.
Lars is the son of Heihachi and the half brother of Kazuya so it makes sense that Lars will show up in this game as well.
Will we get any guest characters in this game because that'd be pretty sweet to see Bayonetta and Tekken.
I'm thinking with Lars maybe that's certainly possible.
So stay tuned for that.
Also speaking of guest characters we questioned last week why did they announce Tekken 7 what the hell happened to Tekken Cross Street Fighter.
Well a lot of people are asking that question what the hell happened to Tekken Cross Street Fighter.
You know it was revealed in 2010 and then that was kind of it.
Well Tekken director Katsuhiro Harada said that Tekken Cross Street Fighter is still in development and this was during the fighting game panel at San Diego Comic Con.
That's it. So it's not dead.
I think it's just like I said last week they were waiting until they knew they had a new engine for the next Tekken game.
And instead of developing it for the Tekken 6 engine or whatever they're just going to wait and put it on the Tekken 7 engine.
So Tekken 7 first and then Tekken Cross Street Fighter.
And that's what Fifth Dream in our chat says it will be in the Tekken 7 engine der.
I mean yeah it makes a lot of sense.
So they're just putting it on hold because especially after Street Fighter Cross Tekken was kind of lukewarm response to that.
You know not a lot of people were super into it.
I can see where they really want to really really have a different kind of you know experience so why not.
Who knows by that time we may have like Street Fighter 5.
I'd be very curious to see that.
Alright Loki what do you got?
Okay you know once again talking about lots of the Sony properties becoming movies.
And another movie that I think a lot of people are going to be very interested to see would be The Last of Us.
That was I think announced to be an upcoming motion picture.
And one of the actresses that they're talking to right now to be in the actual movie would be the actress that plays Arya Stark in the Game of Thrones.
So I don't know that's pretty sweet.
I don't know.
I haven't played Last of Us unfortunately so I don't know if she'd be a good character for was it Ellie I think in the game.
Or am I confusing that with.
No that's the character's name.
I have not played through this game.
I'm like I don't want to confuse that with The Walking Dead because there's a lot of characters.
No but yeah Maisie Williams I guess would be the actress.
So I don't know I liked her in Game of Thrones.
So I mean maybe she doesn't look like the main characters or it doesn't look like Ellie.
Makeup and hair and all that stuff can go a long way.
Yeah.
I wonder who they'll get to play the lead character in that.
But yeah they haven't really said I guess Sam Raimi is you know supposed to be doing that.
So that's pretty sweet because he knows his horror.
Alright.
Bruce Campbell that would be awesome. Let's get Bruce Campbell.
No Bruce Campbell is going to be doing the Evil Dead TV series now.
Like he's actually going to be in it.
What?
Yeah I saw that on Facebook.
What there's a community.
It could have been a troll article or something.
But well I'm if I saw it on Facebook Loki it's got to be true.
Maybe somebody in the chair.
Oh man.
Can that be so awesome if that.
Yeah.
I would be very more excited if it's an army of darkness.
But whatever whatever I'll deal with that.
Well here's something else to get excited about a revival of a rock band.
You know we've seen some hints about this and sadly I don't have confirmation today on that.
But Harmonix did send out a little survey which through the through the ever lovely Survey Monkey site.
A lot of people seem to use.
Asking how invested are you basically still in rock band and how likely would you be to join in on a reunion tour.
Could that be the possible theme of a new rock band game who knows.
They wanted to know how often you play rock band.
How often do you buy DLC.
What peripherals do you have.
Do you want a new game on new consoles or legacy consoles.
So very curious to see what comes to this.
I mean a lot of this is probably exploratory but it is nice to see if they haven't forgotten about rock band altogether.
I mean why not.
I would love to see a new game because I have all the fucking peripherals and I spent a lot of money on those peripherals.
Yeah I think as long as there's some way to kind of convert the peripherals I think that would really help a long way in.
The only bad thing though is the music probably would not be able to be ported.
Yeah I don't know what they would be able to do with licensing with that.
That would be tricky.
RPGfan112 in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com says it would be great to see a new rock band.
I agree.
It's taken a rest long enough.
Let's bring it back for a reunion tour.
I like that.
Rise from your grave.
By the way Rama in chat says no not a troll article on the Bruce Campbell thing.
Yes.
There you go.
Speaking of harmonics, one other quick little thing with them.
Dance Central Spotlight.
This is the download only version of Dance Central that will be available on Xbox One and it will be available September 2nd.
You will need a Kinect to play this as there is the option on the Xbox One now.
It will have 10 songs with the game for $9.99.
There will also be another 50 songs to choose from.
Not all at once necessarily by the way.
The songs coming out with the game.
When you buy the $9.99 game you get Avicii with Wake Me Up.
Cher Lloyd with I Wish.
David Ghetto with Titanium.
Jason Derulo with Talk Dirty.
Kid Ink and Chris Brown with Show Me.
Lorde with Royals.
That song isn't played the fuck out but I'll just sing the weird Al Yankovic version and it will be fine.
One Republic with Counting Stars.
Pharrell Williams with Happy.
Again, songs that are played out but weird Al made better.
Rihanna with Diamonds.
And Will.I.Am featuring Justin Bieber with Hashtag That Power.
Okay, I'm gonna like show my age here but like really that's a song.
I don't know that song. I guess I should be thankful.
I guess I'll learn it.
Why does the song have a hashtag in it?
It is Hashtag That Power.
Unless it's supposed to be a number sign or something else but I don't think that's the case. It's hashtag.
Also available for separate downloads to give you an idea of some of the songs.
And by the way, like all these songs that are being released on September 2nd are like better than the 10 that are included with the game.
So, Capital City, Safe and Sound. I like that song.
Emily Sand with Next To Me.
Icona Pop with I Love It. You know that song, right?
I think that's the theme song to Girls.
I love it. I don't care. I love it.
I always sing it.
McDonald's. I love it.
Lana Del Rey with Summertime Sadness but the Cedric Gervais remix which is really, really good.
And the B-52s with Love Shack which is the trump card.
Random.
Random. Awesome.
If you see a faded sign at the side.
I need a guana girl here to do the proper Love Shack duet.
Alright, let's get to the emails. Every week you guys email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send your emails.
And DarkSakura, typically she's going to be responsible for reading your emails.
But since she is having a sick day, I will bear that responsibility.
So let's get to it. The emails tonight.
First up, AZHP says,
Hey, OLR crew. AZHP here.
I just wanted to submit a correction of facts for a story you reported on a few weeks ago.
The tournament which banned female players from playing Hearthstone was following the IESF,
a Korean organization's guidelines.
The IESF divides players into male and female divisions to emulate the divide in real sports.
Because this tournament's winners would be placed in the Korean tournament,
they did not want a conflict to occur if a female player disqualified a male player
who could have been sent to the invitational tournament.
It was not because they wanted to protect a male player's pride.
The whole rationale is still stupid, but I just wanted to present all the facts
before we all jump down the tournament organizer's throats.
They wanted gender division, not gender discrimination, and blocking women from playing at all.
Yours truly, AZHP.
I thought we had referenced that when we were originally going over the article,
or at least I thought I had said, like,
I think they did this because of the greater, like the championships or whatever.
I maybe forgot at the time that it was in Korea or whatever.
But I think you kind of said it at the end there.
It doesn't necessarily make it right.
I mean, it definitely explains how it happened.
And I think there's just so many voices out there that says,
your cultural traditions be damned.
Gaming is a universally loved thing by people of all genders, all colors,
all shapes, all sizes, all sexualities, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Right?
Right.
Thank you, though, for the clarification.
AZHP is also a multiple gold star recipient.
So, you know, some people I don't want to be corrected by, but AZHP, I'll take it.
Just kidding.
Love y'all.
Fantastic.
Every gamer has a voice here.
Next up from EA Skizie.
Hey, Orange Lounge.
I'm glad you guys had fun on your weekend off.
Me too.
In your personal opinions, what was the greatest video game-based movie ever made?
I personally think Silent Hill was pretty dang cool.
Keep gaming.
EA Skizie, straight out of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Meaning Milliwake.
Remember when Alice Cooper was in Wayne's World?
Wayne's World was my favorite movie.
Oh, wait.
No, not game-based off a movie.
Which, by the way, it actually really sucked.
What was your favorite movie based off a game?
Movie based off a game.
Well, I mean, I guess Final Fantasy VII, Advent Children.
Oh, good choice.
You know what?
None of them were really good, EA Skizie.
That's the problem.
We don't really have a lot of good ones.
Even if I was going to pick one that was actually...
I mean, even...
What was it?
The Final Fantasy...
What the fuck was the other one?
The Spirits Within?
That wasn't too bad.
It wasn't bad.
It was just not Final Fantasy at all.
Yeah, it wasn't Final Fantasy.
Where was my fucking Chocobo in Spirits Within?
Oh, wait.
I think there was half a frame.
But anyway.
My answer to the question, honestly, I know this might sound like a cop-out,
but Silent Hill was also my favorite.
It was.
I liked the games, and I thought the movie did a pretty good job.
It didn't blow my mind.
Awesome!
But it was good enough.
It was probably the best one they've done so far.
Resident Evil and Mortal Kombat both weren't necessarily bad.
I still haven't seen the second Silent Hill movie.
Neither have I, but it's on Netflix.
So if you have Netflix, yeah.
I do have Netflix.
It's in my queue or whatever they changed.
Because Netflix always has to change something.
So they're changing their logo, or they're changing their layout,
or they're changing Saturday service,
and you don't have a queue anymore.
It's your list.
Whatever.
So that's in my list.
Some answers in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tigerclaw says,
Mortal Kombat without a doubt was a pretty faithful adaptation of the game
minus the fatalities.
Blackwool says,
It's a toss-up between Advent Children and the first Mortal Kombat.
Mortal Kombat is really the true sequel to Highlander.
Connor McCloud became the god of lightning after winning the tournament
and being the only one left.
Does The Wizard count as a video game movie?
Actually, I think it should.
Skeezy, I'm retracting my answer and saying The Wizard.
He touched my breast!
That was a definitive movie.
Or Tron, even though that's more of a game based off of a movie.
That's a good one, too.
Alan Alchemy in chat says,
Spirits Within was too Japanese and not commercial enough.
It was a CGI art movie that tried to lie to people with action scenes.
And I'm not hating.
I love that movie, but I don't argue with anyone that hated it.
There you go.
Tomb Raider, some folks in chat saying,
Yeah, Tomb Raider wasn't bad.
It was that same category.
It wasn't bad, but it wasn't like...
It wasn't bad because of Angelina Jolie.
And she's great.
And a great person.
I love Angelina Jolie.
You guys really make me question my sexuality.
Her and Alex from Orange is the New Black are like...
I start to wonder.
Clearly the right answer is, you know,
Street Fighter the movie said no one ever.
No. No. God.
Oh, poor Raul Julia with that being the last movie.
Alright.
Moving on.
Next email.
And this email is from IngramAV98.
I hope I said that correct.
Hey guys and gal.
Well, gal's absent tonight, but we'll pass this along.
This email may appear a little fragmented as I started writing it three or four weeks ago.
Doh!
I'm listening at the moment to you guys talk about your motivations
for still working on this show all these years.
This must have been after our 12th birthday show.
And I wanted to say a big thank you.
Aww, thank you for listening.
I started listening some seven years ago.
I'd been at a low point in my life and randomly took a chance on OLR
so I could try and get back into games after a five year hiatus.
I definitely don't regret it.
I will always be thankful to you guys and the community you created
for reigniting that spark in me.
I'm still a little behind the times now that I'm busy with real life,
but you guys always manage to keep me up to date
and most importantly, I feel included and entertained.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Aww, thank you!
I mean, seriously, you don't even understand.
Like, comments like that, like, that's why we're still fucking doing this after 12 years, right?
Right.
And then even, you know, we gotta tip our hat and say a big thank you to Bobby Blackwolf as well,
who's been our partner show on Sunday nights for like the past seven years at least.
He actually hit nine years tonight.
Or, well, technically it was on the 24th, but like this is the show where he's observing it, right?
He hit nine years.
And I had one of those reactions where I was like,
oh my god, you've been doing this for nine years?
I was like, oh my god, I'm so old.
Like, I had that reaction of like when your friend is at, like when you turn 30, Loki.
I was like, Loki's turning 30? Oh my god, what does that make me?
That was the reaction I had when Bobby said he's turning nine years old.
Anyway, thank you. Thank you for being a supporter of the show.
There is more to this email.
With all the gratitude out of the way and it now being the present, I have a question.
Loki, I've been keeping up to date with your game development project and contemplated doing this myself.
My degree was in games design.
I recently moved to Dusseldorf, I probably said that wrong, Germany, from London,
and that I said right, and found it hard to find work as a web developer.
So I thought about turning to mobile games development to try and generate some pocket money.
What kind of time have you sunk into the project so far?
Well, I've been working on it whenever free time I have, which is not a lot since the beginning of March.
But that includes like research and just kind of, I don't know, it's not like, I don't know.
Like, a lot of it is just thinking about it or like, you know, just researching stuff is a lot of my time spent.
Because, you know, there's some nights, like last night, I had my computer open and I was like,
you know what, I'm just going to rewrite, you know, this helper script that I have for my primitives to,
I have it for my color, changing colors of, you know, the materials and stuff because I use the vector, or the vertex colors.
So I had to rewrite everything from the way I was doing it before, and I was just too tired to do it.
So I just stopped. But, yeah, I'd say, I don't know, like four months now I've been working on it.
But it's, of those four months, you know, maybe a couple hours a day, you know, or an hour a day.
I'm always thinking about it, but, you know, actually getting time to work on it.
Like, on a good day, you know, I might work on it, my work breaks and lunch, which would be an hour and a half.
So, that's about it. And how much of that time am I actually productive? Very little.
But you're learning a lot, and I, you know, I think it's, I actually, I'm really glad we're getting these emails,
because I know you've talked a lot about the project, and you don't, I mean, with all due respect, you have nothing to show for it yet,
so it's just a lot of talk, right? Which is fine, which is fine. I mean, making games is hard,
but what I like about this is that you're also one of the more critical guys on the show.
So, it's nice for you to feel the pain a little bit, because I feel like it's going to bring a whole new perspective to some of the games you talk about in the future.
Well, I like, just, it gives me a better understanding of things, because I can look at something and see how they do it,
and kind of like, okay, that's, that's how they're doing this, or that's why they did it this way.
I love, too, that some of, like, our industry friends, like, people that actually do the game design stuff for a living,
like our buddy at Crystal Dynamics, Tim, was giving you advice on Twitter.
Yeah, yeah, I was at, well, because I was asking about, like, I was trying to get my shader to look a certain way,
and I was trying to figure out how something was, how to render something so it looked a certain way,
and, you know, you can't put that in the Google, you can't say, like, how do I render something to look like something like this,
and, you know, how it makes sense, you have, I didn't know the terminology for what I was looking for,
you know, to do a search on it, and it was ambient inclusion, which, sadly, I'm probably not going to be able to do,
because that's a UND Pro thing, and it's screen space.
But when you make all the oodles of money from this project, you'll be able to buy it for your next project.
Probably when I launch a Kickstarter, I'll be able to pay for that, but, you know, because unfortunately,
I'm probably going to do that just to pay for software, but not until it's almost done, of course.
But, yeah, I mean, once I, there's a lot of fees you gotta look for, you know, even starting a company,
and, like, registering trademarks, that's, like, about $1,000 in itself right there, and...
Yeah, VOC is a company now, you know that?
The taxes?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, have you registered a trademark for VOC?
I don't think, uh, I...
That's about $1,000.
That's a Bobby question, I don't, I don't...
I don't think you, yeah.
I don't think it is trademarked, actually.
I mean, it's trademarked...
That doesn't mean you're gonna, I will wreck you if you steal it.
Well, no, no, no, it's trademarked, because you can use it as a trademark, but it's not a registered trademark,
which is different.
So, yeah, I have to register a trademark for my company name, and for my, which I already have picked out,
and my game name, which I also already have picked out, and then, um, just, probably licensing music
is gonna be the hardest thing, because right now I've been working off of free Creative Commons music.
That's smart, though, to reach out to those artists directly, and, you know,
because a lot of them would just love the exposure, I mean...
Yeah, a lot of it's just Creative Commons music, and, and I have a weird, eclectic mix of music right now.
Alright, we're tangenting...
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
That's okay, there's another question here, too, that's the reason why I want to bring this back,
because the other question is, and you've kind of answered this already, but just if there's anything you want to add,
the other question from IngramAV98 is,
is it purely a passion project, or do you consider it a viable source for a trickle of income?
Um, well, it's definitely gonna be a trickle of income, and I think it can be a source of income,
it's just, probably the way I should have done it is done a bunch of really small projects first,
to have that income coming in.
Isn't that what Bobby told you to do?
Yeah, but the problem is, it's so boring, it's so boring.
Yes, I, no, his, his advice was to remake, like, Pong or something like that, and to learn how to use Unity.
I get that.
Which, that makes sense, and I have no problem knowing how to use Unity right now, that's okay,
but, like, to make small games, because the way that people make games on the App Store now,
it's like you make a game that people like, and they'll pay 99 cents to buy it or something,
or you make a bunch of free-to-play games, and you reskin the shit out of it, and you keep uploading it as a different game.
And yeah, that sounds kind of lame, but that's how you kind of make money,
because you got people to download it in order to get ad revenue, and even ad revenue is just not that great.
So, it's just small things so that you have stuff out there so you can make some sort of money.
But yeah, I'm hoping to make some sort of money. Is it going to replace my daytime job?
I hope it will, but I don't think it's going to.
Oh, you'll find out, because unfortunately we talked about a few weeks ago the whole layoff thing.
You're going to have a little time in between job hunting to work on this project, so.
Well, I have the kid at home, so I don't know if it's going to be that much time.
It's true, a full-time parent.
All right, anyhow, to finish out the email, that's it for now.
I'm sure I'll be back with more emails in the future.
Sorry I can't listen live, I did try a few times, but it's just too late for me.
I know you guys over there on the other side of the pond, it's too damn late for you guys,
but I mean, in order to do a show for you guys at the quote-unquote right time,
we'd have to be here at noon on a Sunday, which just kills the weekend, you know.
So, sorry guys, but that's why there's podcasts.
That's why you get into the podcast.
Oh, before I forget, the whole Xbox games with gold thing, I checked into it,
and you only have to say subscribe with Xbox One to keep your games.
For 360, you can still keep your games once you enter your subscription,
or at least that's what I read.
Last time you talked about it, the latter part was in question.
Cheers.
Hmm, well, I still have a subscription.
My 360 is still sitting over there unplugged.
Unplugged and unloved, unfortunately.
Unfortunately, I do have like, I still have like $60 worth of money on the Xbox account.
But I don't know what the fuck to buy.
I need that DLC for Rent of the Heart of Five to come out already.
All right.
Loki, I bet, before we get into our next story, we're talking about the mobile games and all that stuff,
I bet you wish you had thought up a Kim Kardashian Hollywood adventure, right?
Do you know how fucking big that game is?
That is like the new Farmville, Flappy Bird, this fucking Kim Kardashian Hollywood.
It's because it's a perfect center between, you know, trendy people like Kim Kardashian, so the player game,
and then there's people that hate Kim Kardashian and want to play the game that'd be ironically funny,
and then they end up getting addicted to it.
I remember at the last big E3 in 2006, Paris Hilton was hawking something like that.
Paris Hilton's Jules game, it was just like a bejeweled clone with Paris Hilton.
That did not take off for her like this fucking Kim Kardashian.
Well, it's because people are being ironically funny with it.
It'll blow over. Meanwhile, it only came out a couple weeks ago.
Yeah. Well, they already have clones out there on the marketplace too, of course.
We have clones of that. Who's the clone of?
Hollywood starlet or something like that is some clone.
Gilbert Gottfried's Hollywood starlet.
That I'd play. That I'd play.
I don't think you're good enough to be on the A-list yet.
You need to make some more movies.
I'm surprised they don't have, if we were going to see a clone, it would have been Kathy Griffin.
Kathy Griffin, life on the D-list.
No, that would be something, obviously.
All right. Speaking of life on the D-list, it's time to get to the FUs of the week,
because sometimes we're feeling pretty D-list.
This is fucked up.
It reminds me of when everybody was playing Sorority Light on Facebook. Remember that?
It was one of the first big Facebook games.
I try to block all those games on Facebook.
I seriously, the only time I've ever played a game on Facebook.
Well, I'm sorry. There's two times I've played games on Facebook.
Number one was to play the stupid duck game to get these explosive ducks in Crackdown 1.
That was the first one.
Number two was to play the stupid garage sale game for Ready Player One,
and I regret all that time spent on that game.
It was fucking terrible.
And had I known what the last challenge was, I wouldn't have even bothered.
I had friends that were hardcore in Sorority Life, like making spreadsheets and shit. It was crazy.
Anyway, sorry Loki, FUs of the week.
Actually, funny enough, it just reminded me of it.
FU to myself for my cut of that song.
Because in the very beginning there, it's actually a quote from the movie Punisher.
It cuts off because I couldn't get, like, it's like, I forget the lines.
Like, I am just as I am something I am, and it just didn't sound right.
But, yeah, so FU that.
My FU of the week goes to those fucking hiccups I had in the first half of the show.
My god, like, imagine somebody's listening to the show for the first time this week,
and they're like, who are these two amateur clowns? How have they not been cancelled after twelve years?
Because no one can cancel us! We're our own show! Who's gonna cancel us?
We're gonna make no money!
We'll show you cancellation.
What, we're gonna make less money?
That's right. I think I need to pay the bill to keep VOG running, by the way. I think that's due.
Alright, let's get back into some more gaming news.
And then your calls coming up in just a little bit, about five minutes away from your calls,
at 1-877-GAMO-LR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
But first, Loki.
Speaking of less money, what's less than free?
Well, nothing. Unless they give you money.
But EA's not gonna give you money to play The Sims 2, but you can play it for free.
And the way you can do that, and this is by July 31st is when this runs out,
you can actually go on Origin and redeem a code that is for The Sims 2.
And I can't remember, it's like something, I love The Sims, or something.
Yeah, it's I love The Sims, and I-love-the-sims.
And it will redeem a free copy of The Sims 2 Ultimate Collection.
Now you may remember we talked a little bit about them giving out free copies for,
if you had an original copy of The Sims 2.
I don't think they wanted to deal with people calling them to redeem that,
so they just said, fuck it, you know what, we're gonna advertise this to kind of
get some interest for The Sims 4 that's coming out in a couple months.
So, The Sims 2 Ultimate Collection, for free, through Origin.
I love The Sims. That's what you have to put in, redeem product code.
Yes, you do have to install Origin, but you know what, I did it for Titanfall, so whatever.
Yeah, probably a lot of people have had to give up and install Origin.
And it wasn't as evil as I thought it was. But I'm not buying anything on that store.
But it's not like the devil on my computer or anything.
Yeah, Origin's not as awful as it was when it first came out.
They are giving away the free games, which does enhance its value a little bit,
but give you a reason to install it, but I don't know.
I'm still not like, ooh, this is a must-have thing. I'm always just kind of like,
why does everybody have to have their own fucking thing?
Like, why can't we just make a contract with another company?
Everybody's gotta have their own thing.
Everybody wants a piece of the pot and the money, but it's like,
can't we just have like three or four big ones?
You know what, though, I'm totally cool with them having their own thing.
Yeah, it's a little lame that they have games exclusive to it,
but at the same time, I'm glad they do have another storefront,
because it is more competition, which drives the prices down.
That is good, but you still have Dasura, GOG.
I mean, there are other, Humble Store now, there are other games.
Yeah.
All right.
Fifth Dream in chat says, game services are always awful
until people get tired of bitching about it.
Well, I also haven't tried to play Mass Effect multiplayer in a very long time,
and that's the thing that always pissed me off about Origin.
It was so redonkulous how Allen and I, being in the same house,
couldn't connect to multiplayer matches without waiting for Jupiter to be aligned
with the second moon of Saturn.
And the best part about The Sims 2 is they didn't remove pools,
and I think there are still babies in this.
Oh, yay, drown all the toddlers you want.
Well, you can't do that in The Sims 4.
There you go.
I'm not saying drown toddlers, but it's separate.
You have babies and drown the adults.
Kill everyone now.
Trap them in the walls.
One more story for you guys tonight, and probably a lot of you guys have seen this
making the rounds on Facebook and some other forms of social media
because it's given everybody a little case of the feels
that it has to do with video games.
And I think a lot of you guys have heard about this story
where a 16-year-old guy was playing his Xbox,
and his father had passed away about a decade ago when the son was four.
The dad had brought home a first-generation Xbox
so that they would play together as much as they could while the son was four.
Now, the Xbox is still something that works, and he's able to play.
So the son decided to bring up on the Xbox an old, old game called Rally Sport Challenge,
which was out in 2002.
And going through the menus and starting up the game, what did he find in the game?
His dad's racing ghost, essentially.
He was able to play with his dad again about ten years after he passed away.
Sorry for chopping onions over here, but I just thought,
you know, we always hear these stories about how video games are bad and all this.
I like stories like this, how, wow, video games can provide these really awesome moments like this,
thanks to the ghost data.
And would you think about it?
I bet a lot of you probably haven't played Rally Sport Challenge,
but a lot of you probably have played Mario Kart, which does something very similar.
Just imagine my ghost data.
My son races against my ghost data from Forza Horizon.
It crashes to the wall.
Up-turn crashes to the wall.
Yes.
What's also interesting, though, is that he realized as he was racing,
he could never beat his dad because if he passed the dad,
he would replace the ghost data with his own.
So he purposely loses every race so he could still play.
That's why you back up your data.
That's a good point.
Always back it up.
Hopefully he's done that by now.
As the story has made the rounds, I'm sure a lot of people will give advice.
You know, I saw a really similar thing like this on Facebook once.
I think it was a translated Korean cartoon or something that was about playing Animal Crossing.
And I think the person who had been playing it, their mom had passed away or something,
and they logged into Animal Crossing long after the fact and they got all these letters
because the mom was playing Animal Crossing hardcore
and sent all these letters every week that the kid never read until she was gone
and went back into Animal Crossing and saw all these letters and gifts and things.
It was just like this really like, you know, cries, sobbing.
I swear I've seen this exact same story, the racing thing,
several years ago that someone had a racing ghost and they did this.
I don't know. I swear I've seen this before.
Just think of it, you know, years after you're gone, Loki, Josh or Danny might find your old ZZT games.
Good, because I don't know where the fuck they are.
Or worse yet, episodes of this show.
More likely.
This is the legacy that we're leaving behind, Loki.
So this is why we're home every Sunday?
Daddy, why aren't you coming with us?
Why aren't you coming with us? I'm going to work, Josh.
That's what I tell him every week.
You call it work?
Well, I start calling it the radio show because his mom's like,
It's not work.
It's a hobby.
When you make money from it, then it's work.
All right.
There you go. That is it for our news tonight.
But that means we're going to open up the Skype line.
It's your turn to give us a call.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
Feel free to give us a call. It is open.
And I'm not going to keep it open forever, though.
So if you want to get through, do it now.
Meanwhile, Loki, any last-minute stories?
I do want to bring up one thing, because I can't believe I didn't put it somewhere else in the show.
But I just realized out of Comic-Con, one of the other big, big things of a game that I used to be really into,
not so much anymore, but Warcraft.
Or World of Warcraft.
This movie, going back to the roots, Warcraft, they apparently did show a clip at Comic-Con of the movie.
Unfortunately, that one has not leaked to the internet.
All we got was a logo that, you know, I mean, it's whatever, it's a logo.
It doesn't look like the game's logo, OMG, but I kind of didn't expect it to.
Because, like, did Resident Evil's logo look like the game? No.
Did Mortal Kombats look like the game?
Have those movies even fucking followed the storyline of Resident Evil?
Because it doesn't make any goddamn sense now.
Alright, let's get on those phones, and Rama's saying we're not on Skype.
Yes, we are. Watch, I'll prove it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Raginator.
Hey, Raginator, what's on your mind, buddy?
Uh, not a whole lot. There is one story that I found earlier that you guys have recovered.
I'll try to make it short and sweet.
Basically, later on, around October 18th, for 24 hours, you will be able to get paid the heist on Steam for free.
Wait, in October?
Yeah, specifically October 18th.
Why would they advertise it this far in advance, because now they're going to...
No one will remember.
Well, A, nobody's going to remember. B, they're not going to sell any copies of the game now until October, because everybody's going to be waiting for the free.
Yeah, well, I just discovered the story on another site.
Basically, what I'm saying is that there was some kind of movement on the Steam forums or whatever.
Where a whole bunch of people joined the A-Day 2 Steam group and, you know, like, petitioned that the original games would be free.
Basically, the publisher said, yeah, we'll make it free if a whole bunch of people will continue to join the A-Day 2 Steam group.
That's it? You just have to join the Steam group and you get a free game?
Yeah, I think they wanted to hit the 1.5 million member mark to get quote-unquote secret stuff.
Clearly, they've got another one in the works, clearly.
Yeah, but anyway, I think it's likely less of that to get the Bay Mask.
But anyway, yeah, just join the A-Day 2 Steam group and wait for October 18th for 24 hours only.
On October 18th, you can get the game for free.
Alright, well, I'm gonna help everybody out right now. So, get out your little phones, okay, and hold the button down.
And I'm gonna say, sorry Android users, I got nothing for you. But for iPhone users, here you go. Hold the button down. You ready?
Siri, set a reminder on October 18th to download Pay Day. It's free, y'all. There you go.
Yeah, I have no idea if the game's good or not, but you can't really argue with free, so...
That's right. Pay Day's not a series I'm very familiar with, but for free, I'll check it out.
Oh, yeah. Well, that's the only thing I really want to cover. You know, I'll book you or cover another story that I was gonna talk about.
Which was what, quickly?
Huh?
Which was what?
Actually, I forget what the story was. I think I linked it to you, but Logan took care of it.
Alright, well, good to know he's on top of things. Alright, I guess we can keep him around.
Alright, Raginator, we'll set that reminder on your calendar, alright?
Alright, have a good one.
Alright, you too, buddy.
Alright, bye-bye.
Bye. If it's free and it's on PC, Raginator's on it, everybody. He's on the case, so...
There was, actually, it was, I forget which game it was now, there's on Steam Greenlight right now, there's a game that used to be a PSP Japanese RPG that they're trying to get greenlit,
and if you vote for it, that you want it greenlit, and you post on their forums that you voted, they will send you a free copy.
A little gaming the system there, but free game, who cares?
Alright, we got another call. Maybe they'll talk about a free game, too, we'll see. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Well, the only free game I play are on my Android phone. Oh, hi, it's Rama.
Hi, Rama, it just wouldn't be a night on OLR without you. What's up, buddy?
Oh, the usual. I just want to get in about this whole San Diego Comic-Con thing, because you had asked earlier, why is SCCC getting all this gaming content?
Well, let's take a step back. Why don't you do Comic-Con?
Okay. I don't have enough blood in my body to get press passes for that. It used to be easy for New York Comic-Con.
Now, this time, you have to fill out a seven-page form in triplicate and put down the people you want as press.
When they approve your form, each person has filled that same form in triplicate and sent it in, and somewhere at the bottom, they ask for a vial of your blood.
This is why you need an intern.
I am the intern.
Fair enough.
It's got so bad that most of the local press outlets out here don't even go to New York Comic-Con for any money. Like, fuck it, it's not worth it.
R's got a real job, so I guess we have an opening.
Just give it the regenator.
Maybe. Maybe he's kind of working the free Steam games angle, at least.
I know.
He calls on the H.A.S. and tells us about the free anime that's available on iTunes and all that cool stuff.
There you go. Hey, you know what? Somebody's got to look out for all the free stuff. Sometimes it's hidden.
So what did you want to say about Comic-Con?
Well, the reason why I say it's getting all this gaming content is, I mean, think about it. It's right there in California.
All these gaming companies are right there, so it's pretty easy for them to travel there and set up their booths and advertise.
It's getting to the point where SDCC should be called SDEC, San Diego Entertainment-Con, because to be perfectly honest, when was the last time you heard anything comic-related come out of there?
Well, the Batman vs. Superman movie? Wonder Woman's outfit?
The movie's talking comic.
I get your point. I get your point. Here's food for thought, though.
I would argue, yeah, there's a lot of companies in Silicon Valley, and I always laugh at that whole thing where now they're talking about separating into six states, because it won't be in the same state anymore if that crap passes.
But all these companies in Silicon Valley, yeah, sure, it's easy for them, but very few of them went to GamerX, that's for sure, for having all those companies in the backyard.
But I guess that's a whole other Oprah. But there are a lot of companies everywhere.
I mean, you know, you got a few out back east that do the PAX East, right? In Boston, what, 2K and Harmonix and stuff.
And obviously Seattle, where PAX Prime is at, is like the stronghold of Nintendo and Microsoft.
So, you know, California doesn't get everybody. I mean, we got a good chunk. We got Sony here, but we don't got everybody.
I get that, but also, it's like Anime Expo, a lot of game companies were there, too, because out of the sheer convenience, you know?
Right.
And now Comic-Con is trying to pull a cease and desist, because another convention is calling themselves Comic-Con. They're like, we can't have that.
That's why registered trademarks are important.
Which means they're gonna piss off New York. Comic-Con, Baltimore Comic-Con, Boston Comic-Con, Philly Comic-Con, you get drafted.
There's a lot. There's a lot. BlackWolf in chat pointing out Austin, Texas has a lot of companies, too, hence PAX South being nearby.
Yeah, that's where Gearbox is located, right? So, yeah. There you go.
All right, Rama. Well, you know, it is awfully convenient for a lot of those companies to get over there. That is true.
But I just kind of feel like E3 is kind of the kickoff season where a lot of these companies kind of go around to different places and do various expos.
You know, not even necessarily E3. I mean, with Game Developers Conference and PAX East, there's plenty of employees at companies that do a lot, a lot, a lot of these expos.
Look at that. Shiller Games US Tour 2014.
Why not? Gotta sell something. All right, Rama. If there's nothing else, I'm gonna let you go, okay?
We have a surprise on Anime Jam Session. Tune in. You'll find out what it is.
Surprise?
Yep.
All right. I guess I like surprises.
Oh, you do. I know.
Am I gonna like this surprise?
Yes. Yes, you will.
All right. We'll check it out on Tuesday.
You got it, bro.
All right, later.
Later.
We'll see if we get one more call in. 1877 Game OLR. Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Loki, any last minute stories that you've discovered? I'll check Twitter. I don't think I saw anything coming on Twitter.
It got really ridiculous when I couldn't tell if this was just some sort of advertisement from GameStop.
But it's claiming that GameStop says that only half, fewer than half of their customers know that they can trade in games.
What?
Or know that they, I guess, I don't know if it's trading games or if it's trading in like phones and tablets.
Oh, okay.
No, no, no. Here's what it says. GameStop president Tony Bartell told VentureBeat that only 40% of the retailers' customers know they can trade in their old products for in-store credit or cash.
And he says even fewer know that they can trade in mobile devices like phones and tablets. I call bullshit. I don't believe that.
I don't believe that either.
I think that's just like a way that, did you know that you could trade in stuff and we give you really great value for your trades?
It sounds like it's just like an article as an advertisement.
It's something they tell you every time you're at the counter.
How do you not know? I mean, how would you not know? I mean, seriously. Can you not read?
Now, I would argue that more of GameStop's customers don't know that they could get more money from that game selling it on eBay or directly or somewhere else.
I'm pretty sure that everybody knows that. Like, where did they think those used games come from?
They just magically appeared. Poof.
They used GameFairy, brought more!
The wild last year's Madden approaches. What will you do?
They've run away.
All right. Nobody else is calling. Any other last minute stories you want to sneak in there?
That's all I had.
All right. Well, with no other calls coming in, I think we're going to go ahead and wrap up.
We're a little early tonight, but that's okay with me being a little sniffly and Jamie not being here.
And clearly I'm one big cootie tonight because I keep hiccuping and all this stuff.
I think it's all right for us to go ahead and throw in the towel towel here just a little bit early.
But I don't want to wrap things up until I do remind everybody, you know, it isn't an indie show.
We don't make money off of it. All the joking that we do.
So if you do like our show, please help spread the word about Orange Laundry. Tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word. And if you if you decided, you know, you got the whole way through this show.
Bless your heart. And you still thought it sucked. You know what?
Support other indie broadcasters because there's a lot of hardworking independent producers out there making content.
Please support our fellow indie podcasters.
That is about going to do it for another episode of Orange Laundry Radio.
But first, I got to check in with everybody's final thoughts.
So, Loki, you have a final thought for us tonight?
I got to figure out how I'm going to squeeze in a haircut in tomorrow.
Because I got to do that before all my customers come out for our event.
Yeah, I'm way overdue for one too.
I meant to do it today, but then like my wife ended up leaving with Josh and them.
Usually I'll do it in like free time between, you know, when she leaves and when the show begins.
But she left with me like at four thirty and then she's like, oh, by the way, I need you to pack Josh's lunch.
And they need you to put the clean sheets on the bed because Danny peed all over the bed.
So, yeah, kids say it's all pee and poop with these things.
Literally, all babies do and children.
So, here's that. But I don't know. This week will be fun.
Alright. My final thought is I would like to stop having the snifflies and feel better.
K, thanks. And I'll try to be at 100 percent next week, you guys.
Thanks for getting through the show. I appreciate it.
And thanks to all you live folks that tune out or tune out, turn out and then tune out and listen to the show.
I really appreciate it. And also all our podcastees and the folks listening.
And I hope we helped get you through your workday or your commute this week.
So, that's it. We're done. We're out of here.
Until next time. Have a great week, everybody. And we'll see you next time here at Orange Lawn Radio.
Jamie will be back next week. Oh, also next week on the show. I believe next week is the day.
Oh, I got to confirm this real quick. Shoot, shoot.
I would say, Loki, buy me time. You already unplugged your mic, didn't you? You are out of here.
I didn't unplug my mic.
I want to confirm this for next week because I had a date on this.
It's a guest?
Yeah, we're going to have a guest here in studio and it is, yes, it's next week, August 3rd.
Our old friend from Orange Lawn Radio, explicit, or Jonas, will be here. Ran into him at Game Wrecks.
But will he be dressed up like an NDS or Wii Remote or something of that sort?
We're going to ask him and he's not going to be alone. He's bringing his little posse.
Maybe he'll bring you some games for us to play. I don't know because that's what they do.
They go around to anime conventions and set up games.
So, we're going to talk about, he's going to be doing that here locally for SAC Anime.
We'll talk about that and just kind of what all goes into making the game room.
So, we're going to talk about that next week. Very excited.
So, stay tuned guys. We'll see you next week here at Orange Lawn Radio. Good night.
Those of the staff of Orange Lawn Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!